Sunflower seeds contain about 24 to 27% protein, only slightly less than an equal weight of ground beef. Furthermore, sunflower seeds contain about twice the iron and potassium and about 4 times the phosphorus of beef.
Alcatraz was one of the only federal prisons at the time that supplied moderately hot water to deter prisoners from acclimating to cold water and escaping through the San Francisco Bay.
Before World War Il, Thanksgiving was Halloweenpoor people begged door-to-door, so rich people wore tattered costumes and did the same.
Scooby-Doo's first name is really Scoobert.
Bae" means poop in Danish.
Parasite has won Best Picture Oscar, making it the first non-English speaking film to win the Academy's most prestigious award. It also won Best Original Screenplay, Best International Feature Film and Best Director.
The last day that all humans were living on the Earth together was November 2nd 2000. Since then, there has always been someone living on board the International Space Station.
In Japan, there are professional 'breaker- uppers, who specialize in breaking up relationships, most often between husbands and mistresses.
People who don't count on their fingers as children become better at math later on in life.
Dentists often have aquariums in their offices because they've been shown to reduce stress and anxiety. Aquariums also reduce insomnia and high blood pressure as effectively, if not more effectively, than hypnosis.
The word Lethologica" describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want.
When insects are electrocuted by bug zappers, it can spread a mist containing insect parts up to about 2 metres from the device. The air around the bug zapper can become contaminated by bacteria and viruses that can be inhaled by people or settle on food.
Asurvey found that workers who have sex 2-3 times per week earn on average 4.5% more than workers who have sex less often.
90% of text messages are read within 3 minutes of their delivery.
Stephen Hawking held a party open to all, but only publicized the party after it was over so that only time-travellers would know to attend.
The first Thursday of November is "Men Make Dinner Day." .
People who spent money on a time-saving purchase instead of a material item got a small but significant happiness boost.
Banana is actually a berry, while strawberry, raspberry and blackberry are not.
Working more than 52 hours a week could double your chances of ending up bald, according to research published in the Annals of Occupational and Environmental Medicine journal.
When Jim Carrey was playing the Grinch, he needed torture-endurance training from the CIA to help him survive the daily 8.5 hours of make-up required for the role.
Women have worse health as they age compared to men, but those health issues may activate immune responses that keep women alive longer.
People born in December have the best statistical chance of living past 100 years old, according to research by University of Chicago.
In China, there are fake parents that offer themselves as stand-ins to meet teachers and lovers.
The leftover piece you get when you puncha hole in a sheet of paper is called a chad.
Walking through doorways cause memory lapses because the action serves as an event boundary in the mind, which separates episodes of activity and files them away, according to a research from the University of Notre Dame.
The word "emoji" comes from the Japanese characters "e" (picture) and "moji" (letter or character), and has nothing to do with the English word "emotion."
Gmail forwards a.b.c@gmail to the abc@gmail account, whereas most companies (e.g. Netflix)register the address as different so will keep giving you the free trial.
Introverts may be the best public speakersthey think through ideas more thoroughly than extroverts, who may make rash decisions instead.
There is an island in Japan where rabbits outnumber humans. It's called Okunoshima.
"Kummerspeck is a German word refers to the extra weight you might put on after a bout of emotional eating. In English, it literally translates as "grief bacon."
The Greek language has 4 words for loveAgape: charitable love; Eros: sexual love; Philia: love between friends; and Storge: family love.
Couples who go ona honeymoon are 41% less likely to fire for divorce, according to research conducted by a law firm in San Diego.
Female bed bugs don't have vaginal openings, so males must stab them in the abdomen with their penises, according to BioScience.
In the 16th Century, Arab women could initiate a divorce if their husbands didn't provide them with the necessary amount of coffee.
Scientists of the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County found the tiniest dinosaur specimen the size of a bee hummingbird. Oculudentavis khaungraae, the world's smallest dinosaur, has a skull of size 14.25mm which is hardly the size of the width thumbnail.
In Germany, a doctor diagnosed a case of cobalt poisoning because the symptoms matched a case shown in an episode of House, and then he wrote a book on how to apply Dr. House's diagnosis in real life. 4
The apple tree that inspired Sir lsaac Newton's theory of gravity is still alive and producing fruit.
Polar bears could eat as many as 86 penguins ina single sitting...if they didn't live at opposite ends of the earth.
A 2017 study revealed that Subway chicken was composed of only 42.8% - 53.6% chicken meat.
There is no strong evidence that having sex, going for a walk or eating spicy food helps to induce labour in pregnant women. Nipple stimulation, however, has been shown to work.
Even though Vin Diesel only gets the opportunity to say one line, he receives special Groot-edition scripts that reveal what the character actually says.
While alcohol is known to increase people's risk of cancer, a study found that regular exercise nearly cancels out this increased risk.
Trying to stifle a sneeze can cause you to injure your diaphragm, bruise your eye, rupture an eardrum or burst a blood vessel in your brain.
Crime rates in Japan have been falling for 14 years. The one rising criminal fraternity is the elderly. Senior citizens now account for about 20 per cent of arrests and detentions. As the population ages, the over 65s commit nearly four times more crimes than they did two decades ago.
A study found that around 25 percent of the ants ina colony are inactivethey consistently just stand around and do nothing.
The more you fear something, the bigger it appears.
Humans are the only mammals that willingly
Asurvey revealed that 1 in 3 single women would rather give up sex for a year than their favorite food. y
One of the postal codes in Delta, BC, Canada is V4G 1N4.
The more pictures you take during an event or moment, the less you remember it, according to researchers from the University of California.
In 2006, a woman farted on an American Airlines plane and attempted to cover up her farts by burning matches. When the passengers reported the smell of burning matches to the crew, the flight made an emergency landing in Nashville, and the FBI was called in to conduct an investigation.  j
Eating chili peppers 4 times a week reduces risk of death from heart attack by 40%, according to a study published in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology.
Russia is almost as big as Pluto in terms of surface area.
The band blink-182 incorporated under the name "Poo Poo Butt, LLC." because of how funny it would be to have their accountants, managers and attorneys having to say that over the phone every day.
Russia removed Saturday and Sunday from the calendar for 11 years to create a continuous working week" from 1929 to 1940.
In 2010, the Colombian government successfully transmitted a Morse message to their captive soldiers by composing a song popular enough to hit local top 40 radio and disguising the Morse Code in a synth interlude.
People who feel like they're on a team, even when they're working on their own, have increased intrinsic motivation compared to true loners. 3
The desire to lay in bed all day is called "clinomania."
Male dolphins have been known to masturbate by wrapping live eels around their penises.
Kindergarteners in Siberia run outside in under wears and dump freezing water over themselves to strengthen their immune systems.
President Trump has pardoned Alice Marie Johnson, a woman serving a life sentence for a first-time nonviolent drug offense, after meeting with Kim Kardashian West. Johnson has already served 21 years.
5% of the population has a genetic mutation on the gene DEC2 that allows them to feel fully rested with 6 hours of sleep, according to a professor of neurology at the University of California.
An employee with an hour- long commute has to earn 40% more money to be as satisfied with their job as someone who walks to their office, according toa study from University of the West of England. ft
The cyber-homeless of Japan sleep in 24-hour Internet cafs that provide food, drinks, and showers, since it's cheaper than paying rent. 2
In the 1800s, Americans drank, on average, 90 bottles of whiskey per year, or 1.7 bottles per week. This was because at the time, whiskey was sold at twenty- five cents a gallon, making it cheaper than wine, beer, tea and coffee.
Witches were never depicted with green skin before the 1939 Wizard of Oz film. Witches were commonly depicted as red or orange beforehand. The Wicked Witch of the West was not described as green in the book, and she was only made green in the film because it looked really good in technicolor.
A man in China was hospitalized with collapsed lung after singing 10 high-pitched songs ina row.
Three months after his bone marrow transplant, a man learned that the DNA in his blood had all been replaced by the DNA of his donor. Four years. after his lifesaving procedure, all of the DNA in his semen belonged to his donor. The case implications for future transplants and forensic science.
On April Fool's Day 1974, a dedicated man flew hundreds of tires into a dormant volcano in Alaska and set them on fire. He tricked the locals and coast guard into thinking the volcano was active.
Colin O'Brady, the first person to cross Antarctica alone and unaided says he pooped his pants less than halfway through - and had to continue using the same underwear for 38 days.
Crying can help you lose weight, according to a study by a biochemist at St.Paul-Ramsey Medical Center. It is because the hormones involved with high-intensity emotions elevate cortisol levels, which can subsequently lead to increased fat around the abdomen if they aren't released.
Tryptophan is an essential amino acid, not only found in turkey but in other poultry, meat, cheese, yogurt, fish, and eggs. eT
Cows have different accents. They will moo differently depending on which region of the world they come from, according to a professor of Phonetics at the University of London. =
Walt Disney (1901-1966) won or received a total of 26 Academy Awards, and holds the record for most Academy Awards in history.
You can register your pets as emotional support animals so you won't have to pay for pets fees when moving into an apartment.
Aman sold the Greek a submarine. He then told the Turks that Greece had a submarine, so they bought two. Then he told the Russians the Turks had two submarines, so they bought two as well. None of the submarines worked.
Dogs can detect subtle chemical changes in our body with their sense of smell. When we are anxious, we sweat. It is sometimes next to impossible for us to see or smell, but dogs can detect that sweat, and that's sometimes why we say dogs can "smell fear."
Celine Dion earns US$476K per show in Las Vegas.
If you spot a cockroach >1 inch inside your house, it's an outside cockroach that found its way in. If its <1 inch, it lives in your home and has plenty of buddies.
You're more likely to get a computer virus from visiting religious sites than porn sites, according to research from security firm Symantec. The average number of security threats on religious sites was about 115, compared to porn sites, which carried around 25. 4 ss tao Tsp]
In 2016, a wanted man thought his mugshot made him look terrible so he sent police a selfie and asked them to replace it.
When kids use curse words, it's more for the sake of humor and less out of anger.
One use of the word "fuck" in a movie gives it a PG-13 rating from the MPAA. Two or more uses gives it an R- rating (with a few exceptions).
The "Space Out" competition, held in Seoul, South Korea, involves participants sitting down and doing absolutely nothing.
Scientists have found the best way to convey sarcasm via text message is to use the winky face. Without it, your joke will probably be misinterpreted.
Netflix was founded on August 29, 1997, a year before Google.
The filling between the wafers of a Kit Kat is made up of mashed, re-worked Kit Kats.
A company in Japan offers extra days off to workers who don't smoke since they don't take smoking breaks.  ed
An estimated 10-35% of the population has a photic sneeze reflex. A reflex that causes them to sneeze when suddenly exposed to bright light, such as the sun or camera flashes.
It would take about 1 million mosquitos to completely draina human of blood.
The longest nipple hair ever recorded was 6.69 inches and belonged to a man in Italy. ;
Jamaican former sprinter Usain Bolt was offered a position as wide receiver in the NEL. He rejected the position due to the hits wide receivers take.
The most common street name in U.S. is "Second". "Third" is the second, "First" is the third with "Fifth" being the sixth most common, according to the U.S. Department of Commerce.
Dogs can tell when you're coming home by how much of your scent is left in the house if you have a daily routine. By detecting both new and old odors, they can perceive events and substances across intervals of time.
Mushroom management is where employees aren't told about the ideas or general state of the company, and are given work without knowing its purpose. The term alludes to the stereotypical (and somewhat inaccurate) view of mushroom cultivation: kept in the dark and fed bullshit.
Your hair grows faster when anticipating sex.
Beekeepers are advised not to eat bananas because the fruit releases the same pheromones that alert bees to attack, which will make them aggressive.
Depression may be an evolutionary advantage as reduced activity and motivation would historically protect you from external threats, according to physicians at Emory University and the University of Arizona.
People have messy living have dedictted | place: for their stuff. Give everything a defined space to be in/on/ under and you will be much less likely to drop it.
Children's books have 50% more rare words in them than does an average showing of adult prime-time television.
The raptor noises used in the movie Jurassic Park when the velociraptors are communicating to each other were made from recordings of turtles having sex.
As production for Toy Story was wrapping up in 1994, writer Andrew Stanton asked his coworkers during a brainstorming session, "What if mankind had to leave Earth and somebody forgot to turn off the last robot?" He answered his own question 14 years later with the movie WALL-E.
Netflix studies pirate sites when determining what TV shows and films to add to the streaming service.
Childish Gambino got his stage name by using online random rap name generators.
In Iceland, the word "Solarfri" literally means sun holiday." On a sunny day, workers there might get unexpected time off to enjoy it. Z
Mozart didn't attend his father's funeral, but a week later he threw a lavish ceremony for his deceased pet starling complete with a procession, hymns, and a personal poem.
An economist won the lottery 14 times by calculating when the jackpot got higher than the cost by buying every possible number combination and doing just that.
Research shows humans are incredibly unproductive with their eye movements when searching for lost items.
The Walmart job acceptance rate is lower than admissions into Harvard University, according to the Washington Post.
People become extremely honest, awkward, weird and or personal during the late night/early morning.
People who decorate for Christmas earlier are often happier, according to psychologist Steve McKeown. Christmas decorations typically evoke feelings of nostalgia and excitement, therefore, those people are apt to put up their Christmas decorations earlier.
Office employees are most productive if they work consistently for 52 minutes and then take a 17-minute break, according to research by the Draugiem Group.
Humans have a strong relationship with music because of the way that music affects our feelings, our thinking, and our emotional state.
Closing your bedroom door before going to sleep at night increases your chances of surviving a house fire. According to the UL FSRI research, as a fire spreads, rooms with closed doors will maintain temperatures under 100 degrees Fahrenheit, compared with over 1,000 degrees in the rooms with open doors.
Microsoft was about to use "Prepare to Fly" slogan for Windows XP launch but dropped it because the 9/11 happened. i
Ninjas avoided garlic or any pungent food to prevent their body odour from being detected by the enemy when hiding.
A Romanian guy convicted of murder once tried to sue God for failing to protect him from the Devil's influence.
Taller people are slightly more likely to get cancer than shorter people, due to the fact that they have more cells to develop mutations. 2
You can get poisoned from too much cheese. It's called Tyrotoxism".
A FDA study found that most drugs are effective and safe to use decades past the expiration date on their package.
The highest grossing video game of all time, Grand Theft Auto V, has made $6 billion -- Avatar, the highest grossing movie, has only made $2.7 billion.
Children develop the ability to see through lies when they are about seven years old.
Annie Kopchovsky, the first woman to cycle around the world, only learned how to ride a bike 2 days prior to her trip. She ended up accomplishing it in 15 months and won $10,000 for the feat.
Antarctica is classed as a desert due to its limited rainfall.
The first man to survive a fall off of Niagara falls in a barrel, died slipping on an orange peel.
Giraffes sleep using their own butts as pillows.
Only three people in the USA were qualified to hand-pack the parachutes for Apollo 15. Their expertise was so vital, they were not allowed to ride in the same car together for fear that a single auto accident could cripple the space program.
A study by UC Berkeley found that people who were easily embarrassed were more likely to be trustworthy and generous.
In order to reduce waste, New Zealand's national airline is serving hot drinks in edible biscotti cups.
When Volvo invented the three-point seat belt in 1959, they made the patent free for all competitors to use in order to save lives, saying "it had more value as a free life-saving tool than something to profit from."
Jordan Peele quit writing Get Out 20 times. He thought it was impossible and not going to work. But he kept coming back and finally won an Oscar for Best Original Screenplay.
Chocolate, sex and laughter are all important to a healthy brain.
In 2012, a woman who donated a kidney to her boss was fired after she took too long to recover.
Raw salmon is nota classic sushi topping. It gradually became popular only after Norway started selling farmed parasite- free Atlantic salmon to Japan in the early 1990s.
Bill Gates net worth is nearly five times that of Bruce Wayne and Tony Stark combined. Gates' net worth is around $100.2 billion while that of Wayne and Stark are $9.2 billion and $12.4 billion respectively.
Py Crocodiles do not die of old age because they do not age biologically. Instead, they die of either starvation or disease.
Camel milk is the closest you can get to a human mother's milk and it doesn't contain beta- lactoglobin, a protein that's found in cow's milk that causes allergic reactions.
According to a research, bilinguals personalities change depending on the language they're speaking in. &
6 The area of a 18 inch pizza is 254 square inches while the area of two 12 inch pizzas is 226 square inches. Therefore, one 18 inch pizza actually has more 'pizza' than two 12 inch pizzas.
Japan has chosen Dragon Ball Z's Goku as an ambassador of the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Wine glasses today are almost seven times larger than they were in the 1700s.
The odds of a coin flip is not exactly 50/50, but actually more of a 51-49 proposition, due toa variety of factors such as the carving of the coin.
After having an emotionally negative experience, dogs will stay up at night reflecting and thinking about what happened.
Bananas are curved because they grow against the pull of gravity. They begin growing downwards, but as they get larger, they grow upwards to catch more sun, resulting ina curved shape.
The Ancient Romans invented "street food" they ate salted peas while watching gladiators battle and fried fish after a dip in the baths.
After watching Star Wars' in 1977, James Cameron quit his job as a truck driver to enter the film industry.
Squirrels masturbate, perform self-fellatio and eat their own ejaculate, according to a professor at the University of Minnesota.
The chemical formula of sodium citrate, the salt that makes solid cheese smooth and creamy, spells out Na3CgH;50O7.
The reason President Abraham Lincoln grew his iconic beard was because of a letter from an 11-year-old girl Grace Bedell. She sent him a letter encouraging him to grow his beard in exchange for her to convince her older brothers to vote for him.
Nearly 50% of pregnant pandas give birth to twins, but panda moms often abandon one of them. So, zookeepers have to switch the cubs out every few hours to trick the mom into caring for both of them.
If you make a mistake, admit to the mistake, apologise, and explain what steps you'll take to prevent it from happening again in the future. It's very hard for people to yell at you if you've done that.
A new study has found that Mars may have enough oxygen underneath its surface to support life.
People who play video games are more likely to experience lucid dreams. There is also a higher chance for them to be able to control their dreams, according to LiveScience.
Dogs can pick up on subtle changes in your scent, which can help them figure out how you're feeling. They may also adopt the emotional state they sense in you. 4 ve
Several Chinese emperors died from taking an "immortality" elixir. These elixirs contained mercury, lead, and arsenic, and resulted in their deaths from poisoning.
In 2003, a supermarket was closed down so that Michael Jackson could fulfil his dream to go toa supermarket and shop like everybody else and experience what it was like to put things in a basket.
Dogs often stare at their owners while pooping because that's when they're vulnerable. So they often stare expecting a visual cue if there's danger. ee i
Japanese woman Kane Tanaka turned 117 years old on Jan 2 this year, extending her record as the world's oldest person.
There's a volcano in Indonesia that spews blue lava, it's called Kawah ljen volcano.
A bumblebee with a full stomach is only ever about 40 minutes from starvation because of its extremely fast metabolism.
During laser removal, the heat of the laser breaks the ink particles down so white blood cells can carry it away. Eventually, you poop out your tattoo.
Saying curse words, specifically when you're in pain, can increase your pain tolerance by up to 33%. LG
Wombats are the only animals in the world that produce cube-shaped poop, even though they have round anuses like other mammals. if si
In Game of Thrones season 1, Emilia Clarke was covered in so much fake blood she got stuck to a toilet.
British politician Tony Benn met his wife in Oxford in 1949. 9 days later, he proposed to her on a park bench. Later, he bought the bench from Oxford City Council and installed it in the garden of their home.
5 People see men with shaved heads as more dominant than those with full heads of hair.
A typical ejaculation consists of one calorie, according to an Australian research.
The time you spend in the shower can determine how lonely you are. According toa study by Yale University, lonely people take longer and hotter showers because it can replace the warmth they're lacking socially or emotionally. ia .@
Subscription services keep track of you by your card not your bank account. When your card expires, cancel your subscription and use the new card to sign up as a new user for the free months trial.
Millennials are a relatively well-behaved generation. Substance abuse disorders are 49% lower, delinquent behavior & teen pregnancy is 35% lower than previous generations.
ng perfect Kit Kats. Nestl leaves Kit Ke uneaten, every F Petts diaaetiem ered into, paste that's usedtofillthe pigierS Eas ge youect Kine GhKit Katsuethin other KiKats. a
People who misjudge meaningless sentences as profound statements are more likely to use essential oils and find them effective, according to research published in the scientific journal PLOS One.
A loyal French Bulldog dies 15 minutes after the owner lost his 8-year- battle battle with cancer.
NASA once fixed its Mars rover by ordering the rover to hit itself with a shovel.
An Australian woman trying to prove that she could climb Mount Everest while on a vegan diet died of altitude sickness.
Globally, women are paid less than men. Women in most countries earn on average only 60 to 75% of men's wages.
Pornhub traffic showed an average daily increase of 5.94% during the 3rd week of the US Government shutdown, comparing to the traffic in the weeks before the shutdown.
The ancient Greeks and Romans would make gravestones and with epitaphs for their deceased dogs. One read; "I am in tears, while carrying you to your last resting place as much as | rejoiced when bringing you home in my own hands fifteen years ago.
Millennial dads are spending 3 times as much time with their kids than their fathers spent with them. Back in 1982, 43% of fathers admitted they'd never changed a diaper. Today, that number is down to about 3%.
Jamie Foxx got the role of Django in Django Unchained partly because he had his own horse already. The horse Jamie rode in the film was his actual horse in real life.
oP Flushing the toilet sends bacteria as high as 15 feet (4.5m) in the air, according to a microbiologist at New York University.
If a certain employee gives you some sort of deal or discount don't ask another employee for that deal. You could be putting there job at risk.
A dog's personality can change to be like their owner's, according to a study by psychologists at Michigan State University.
When it comes to domestic violence, public awareness campaigns do little to change the behavior of perpetrators. .
Pizza is a healthier breakfast than cereal, according to a nutritionist. She noted that pizza has more protein than a typical bowl of cereal, so it can satisfy your appetite for longer and prevent snacking between meals.
Ikea's founder was incredibly frugal: He disciplines his employees for not using both sides of the paper. and He assembled all his furniture himself. |
Jamaica is the only country in the world whose flag does not contain the colors red, white or blue.
The first-ever Super Bowl halftime show in 1967 didn't feature award- winning musicians, but rather two men flying around with jet packs.
Same-sex pairing is common throughout the animal kingdom and has been witnessed in about 1,500 animal species, from insects to fish, birds, and mammals.
If your girlfriend is talking too much, hug her and tell her you wish to listen to her heartbeat. Not only will she stay quiet, you'll score points in the romance field.
oP Excessive exercise can tire out your brain to the point that you have trouble making decisions, French researchers find. For example, being more impulsive in financial decision-making, and cheating on diet.
An increasing number of elderly Japanese people are committing small crimes so they can live in prison for free. People aged 65+ now make up more thana quarter of the prison population in Japan.
Working more than 39 hours a week has been linked to a decline in mental health, as there is less time for self-care. ___  "|
Batman is getting inducted into the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2020, making him the first superhero to receive a star.
In 2017, two students entered an art gallery in Scotland, found an empty table and placed a pineapple there to see if people would take it for art. When they returned 4 days later, the pineapple was covered with a glass protection.
Don Rickles (the voice of Mr. Potato Head) passed away before he was able to record any dialogue for Toy Story 4. Rather than replacing him, Disney reviewed 25 years of material from the first 3 films, video games, and other media; they were able to assemble enough dialogue to cover his lines. =
Drinking water doesn't help you to get relief from eating spicy food. Instead, it exacerbates the effect by spreading the capsaicin molecules around, making your mouth feel even hotter. 4
An adult alligator has 74 to 84 teeth in its mouth. If one wears down or breaks off, a new one grows to take its place. They go through 2,000 to 3,000 teeth in a lifetime.
Wet your hands and clipper before cutting your nails. The water makes them stick to the clipper instead of flying everywhere.
You can legally own more guns than sex toys in the state of Texas.
According to a study, cats may be better than dogs at sniffing out missing persons, bombs drugs, and diseases. A
Individuals who describe themselves in more favorable terms tend to poop more.
People who were born blind have no understanding of how to see in their waking lives, so they can't see in their dreams. But for those who weren't born blind but later lost their eyesight are still able to "see" in their dreams.
Although blood type isn't the only factor that comes into play, mosquitoes are more attracted to people with Type O blood than others.
37% of job applications are submitted on Tuesday, more than any other day, because people hate their job most when they have to return to work on Monday, according to a study by job- matching site Bright.
Disney's Space Mountain uses fans to blow air on you to create the illusion that you are going faster than you really are.
Cats do bond with humans and think of you as a parent, according to researchers from Oregon State University.
Our pupils dilate not just when we're sexually aroused, but also when were processing a challenging cognitive task.
An app has launched in Japan that allows sports fans to cheer or boo their teams remotely, with the recordings being played straight into the stadium.
In 2018, an undercover investigation found that Apple charges $1200 for a computer repair that a local repair store was able to fix in 1 minute and charged SO for.
creel a group Be 7 normal people ee share the same interest:
There are twice as many pubs in the UK as Starbucks in the world. aoe
A worker's productivity decreases the more exhausted they areto the point where someone working 70 hours weekly only does 55 hours of work.
The clean plate mentality drives us to overeat. A research shows that we tend to overeat when we only have a little bit of food left. Many of us were told to clean our plate growing up. So our desire to not be wasteful leads to overconsumption.
The liquid from canned chickpeas can be whipped into a stiff, fluffy foam. It can be used instead of egg whites in baking and can even be used to make egg- free meringue.
Brain scans found that women are more responsive to romance after they have been fed. Food is the way to women's heart, as well, according to a study from the University of California, San Diego. JS Bim
To avoid the 19% tax Germany puts on tampons, someone made a book (taxed at 7%) that included tampons in it. It sold out on the first day.
The average American spends 24 hours a week online, according to data from USC Annenberg.
All the flags on Disney World's Main Street are fake. They have fewer stars and stripes, so Disney doesn't have to follow the flag code and lower them or light them every night.
Giraffes usually sleep for about five minutes at a time, adding up to an average of 30 minutes per day.
About 10% of the population is left-handed.
Airheads White Mystery flavor changes from batch to batch. They are made from candy leftover of other flavor that's not enough to produce another full run.
In botanical terms, almond is not a nut buta drupe (the seed of a fruit). It's a member of the Rosaceae (Rose) family.
A group of pugs is called a grumble.
A person must spend at least 30 minutes a week in nature to reap any health benefits.
Kids who play an instrument or take music classes can develop better visual abilities and form a higher verbal IQ. They also tend to be happier at school in almost every area, even while participating in activities that aren't music-related.
A flock of crows is known as a murder.
A new law in Texas will make it illegal to send unsolicited nudes. Offenders could face a fine of $500. w~,
Queen Margrethe II of Denmark helped illustrate the Danish version of the Lord of the Ring books.
Economists estimate that only 8 percent of the world's currency exists as physical cash. The rest exists only on a computer hard drive, in electronic bank accounts around the world.
In the 50-plus year history of the Japanese bullet train system (Shinkansen), carrying over 10 billion passengers, there have been no passenger fatalities due to train accidents such as derailments or collisions, despite frequent earthquakes and typhoons.
It takes six minutes for alcohol to hit your brain, according to researchers from Heidelberg University Hospital in Germany.
Astronauts can vote from space. They list their address as "low-Earth orbit" on their absentee ballots.
Dog owners take more photos of their pet than their significant other, according to a US study.
Prostitutes developed the West. They earned much more than the men they served, so were able to become providers of many important services such as education. (
3-day weekend boosts worker productivity by 40%, according to an experiment carried out by Microsoft Japan.
A lobsters brain is located in its throat, its nervous system in its abdomen, its teeth in its stomach and its kidneys in its head. It also hears using its legs and tastes with its feet.
You should only eat 6 fries per serving, a Harvard professor says. He even calls them "a starch bomb." n't
Banks employ therapists known as "wealth psychologists" who help super-rich clients mentally cope with their immense wealth.
Goofy's original name was Dippy Dawg.
In 1959, a white man from Texas disguised himself as a black man and traveled for 6 weeks on Greyhound buses. After writing about his experiences with racism, he had to move to Mexico for several years due to death threats.
The baby in the sun from Teletubbies is turning 24 years old this year. x.
According to Veterinary Hub, cats actually spend 70% of their lives sleeping, which works out to around 13-16 hours a day.
Children as young as 4 dislike and are willing to punish those who freeload off the work of other group members, according to a study by Yale University. They also make a distinction between those who freeload intentionally and those who have good reasons to be unable to contribute.
o People who sleep less than eight hours a night are more likely to suffer from depression and anxiety as they would have a harder time controlling their negative thoughts, according to researchers at Binghamton University.
Owning A dog tied to lowering the risk of dying early by 24%, according to research by University of Toronto.
The highest scoring word in Scrabble in theory is oxyphenbutazone.
Our dreams tend to escalate in weirdness as the night goes on.
The more often you see someone, the more attractive you think that person is - This is called the mere-exposure effect.
Male ducks have ballistic, corkscrew- shaped penises and female ducks have corkscrew-shaped vaginas.
In 1923, a jockey suffered a fatal heart attack but his horse finished and won the race, making him the first and only jockey to win a race after death.
An app called Woman Interrupted uses your smartphone's microphone to track how many times men interrupt women ina given conversation.
More than 4,000 Swedish citizens now have microchip implants under their skin to speed up their daily routine -- Using them to access their homes, gyms, offices, as well as e-tickets for events, social media profiles, and emergency contact info.
The letter "A" is an upside-down ox head - it's from an ancient Egyptian symbol of an ox, and "leads" the alphabet.
Cutting bacon and alcohol out of your diet could reduce your risk of cancer by 40%, according to research from the World Cancer Research Fund. 4 J
Elephants rarely get cancer because they have 40 copies of genes that code for the tumor suppressor protein p53 humans have two.
75% of UK kids spend less time outdoors than prison inmates, according to a survey by Persil.
In the US, law enforcement officers can take assets from a person suspected of involvement with crime or illegal activity without charging the owners of said crime(s).
Your brain literally begins to eat itself when it doesn't get enough sleep, according toa study by researchers at the Marche Polytechnic University in Italy.
Hershey's does not meet the legal minimum coca content to be described as chocolate in Britain.
The 1940 Summer Olympics were originally scheduled to be held from Sep 21 to Oct 6, 1940, in Tokyo. They were rescheduled for Helsinki, to be held from Jul 20 to Aug 4, 1940, but were ultimately cancelled due to the outbreak of World War Il.
UNO has confirmed that you can end the game if your final card is an action card.
Out of the nearly 200 countries in the world, only 22 of them have never experienced a British invasion.
Until 2015, a French law prohibited bakers in Paris from taking vacations at the same time in order to prevent bread shortages.
A California couple's pet cat stole more than 600 items from neighbors, including gloves, towels, bubble wrap, a San Francisco Giants baseball cap, and even a bikini. The kleptomaniac kitty's record was 11 items in 24 hours.
"Uncopyrightable" is the longest word in the English language that doesn't repeat a letter.
The brain function of night owls and early birds differ, according to a sleep research study. Night owls have less connectivity in brain regions linked to maintaining consciousness so they have shorter attention span, slower reactions and increased sleepiness.
Jams are made from actual fruit while jellies are made from fruit juice. Preserves have chunks of fruit, conserves have dried fruit or nuts, and marmalades have peel and pulp.
Alpacas hum when they are curious, content, worried, bored, fearful, distressed or cautious. oT in.
The language spoken in Wakanda is Xhosa, a Bantu language that is one of the 11 official languages of South Africa and one of the 16 languages of Zimbabwe. John Kani, who played King T'Chaka, is a native speaker.
Christmas music could make you feel trapped and harm your mental health, according to clinical psychologist Linda Blair.
Despite sharing a lot of screen time with a furry costar, Goose, in the movie Captain Marvel, Brie Larson is actually allergic to cats.
There's a cognitive bias called "the spotlight effect" that causes people to overestimate how noticeable their embarrassing behaviour is to others.
Hawaiian Pizza was invented in Canada, and was once the most popular pizza in Australia, accounting for 15% of pizza sales. 2 y
Jarrett Adams, a man that had been falsely imprisoned for ten years spent most of his time studying law at the library so that he could prove his innocence. After successfully overturning his conviction, he became a lawyer and also freed someone else who had been falsely convicted.
A movie theater in Texas allows you to bring your dog along with you. The $15 ticket even includes bottomless wine (for the person only). |
The youngest person to climb Mount Everest was 13 years old. His name is Jordan Romero.
oP Sugary foods are more addictive to your brain than cocaine.
About 25 percent of people don't get hangovers genetics are responsible for 40-45% of the difference in hangover frequency between people.
A nap of 60 minutes improves alertness for up to 10 hours, according to a Harvard study.
The world's first website, which went live on August 6, 1991, is still online.
Jonah Hill is now the sweariest actor in Hollywood. He earned the crown with 376 swear words onscreen - beating out both Samuel L Jackson and Al Pacino.
Getting 10 hours of sleep a night for a few days before a sleepless workweek can fill your sleep bank enough for you to power through.
If you somehow managed to get every person on earth to give you $1, you still would only be the 190th richest person in the world. according to Forbes.
Human fingers can detect nano-sized objects - If your finger were the size of Earth, you'd be able to tell the difference between a house and a car.
Donald Trump once tried to trademark the phrase "You're Fired" in 2004 when he was still the host of 'The Apprentice and Celebrity Apprentice, according to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.
Apple doesn't let villains have iPhones in movies, according to Rian Johnson, the director of Knives Out' and Star Wars: Episode VIII.
A single sperm has 37.5MB of DNA information in it. That means that a normal ejaculation represents a data transfer of 1,587.5TB.
Carrying extra body fat, especially around the middle, may be linked to brain shrinkage, according to a study in the medical journal of the American Academy of Neurology. In the study, those participants with higher BMI and waist-to-hip ratio had the lowest brain volume. 6
According to a study, people who drink their coffee black have sadist or psychopathic tendencies. 4
Pandas kept in captivity tend to lose interest in mating. So, they're often shown panda porn to encourage them to breed.
A Canadian Netflix user watched Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King' 361 times from November 1st 2016 to November 1st 2017.
Stan Lee, co-creator of Daredevil, was worried that blind people would be offended by how much he exaggerated the way a blind person's other senses are enhanced. Then he started receiving letters telling him that blind people greatly enjoyed having the comics read to them.
Listening to music helps reduce the amount of time you think you're waiting; this is why music is great for long trips.
Higher median family income correlates with fewer common first names.
About 85% of the things we worry about never happen, according to psychologists at the University of California, Riverside.
Loneliness increases a person's risk of mortality by 26 percent, an effect comparable to the health risks posed by obesity.
30-40% of Vietnamese people have the surname Nguyen. To compare; the most popular surname in America is Smith, shared by 0.8% of the population.
The level of IQ scores can decrease by an average of 13% when children are more stressed, according toa research from the Georgetown University.
Guys are more likely to get hit on by women when they're wearing wedding rings.
A security expert says that you should avoid charging your mobile at airports as cybercriminals can modify those USB connections to install malware on your phone or download data without your knowledge.
One species of fungi, Schizophyllum commune, has more than 23,000 genders and can mate with almost every individual in its species just by bumping into them.
Having no friends can be as deadly as smoking, according to a Harvard University study.
Morgan Freeman wears earrings that are worth enough to pay for a coffin in case he dies in a strange place. This is actually an old sailor's tradition.
Danny DeVito used to be a beautician. He went to New York to learn makeup but the lady he sought after to teach him only accepted students from the American Academy of Dramatic Arts. So he enrolled for a semester and that's how he got into acting.
All butterflies, given the opportunity, will happily drink your blood.
Not only are some humans allergic to cats. In rare cases, some cats are also allergic to humans.
Nokia was originally founded in 1865 asa paper milling company.
In the US, $1 and $2 bills cost 5.5 cents per note to make, while $5 cost 11.4 cents, $10 cost 11.1 cents, both $20 and $50 bills cost 11.5 cents, and $100 bills cost 14.2 cents.
In Las Vegas during the 1950s, Casinos offered "Atomic Tourism" in which guests could watch atomic bombs be tested in the desert as a form of entertainment.
The leading role in Disney's upcoming Lady And The Tramp' live-action remake is a rescue dog. The terrier mix, Monte, came to Hollywood by way of a New Mexico animal shelter and an Arizona rescue group.
Keanu Reeves has had stalkers break into his home multiple times. On one occasion, he woke up and found a girl in his library; whom he calmly spoke to as he called the police to pick her up for a psychiatric evaluation.
Starting school at 10am instead of 8:30am halves student illness and improves academic performance, according to a study by Open University.
bs  a Bh. ~~ ai PaRANEI RSD as *ivrovesTy alee adds edi d. ~ . MLD eas abe.  a rs ; at aaa rit ey rats oe ; a ld a es var ee. an y! ea Da pee Ap I Foo a a 4
Being forced to play the recorder in school actually deters children from pursuing music. :
A 5-year-old Florida boy called 911 to ordera pizza and the cops did deliver a large pizza to his house while doing a well-being check.
"A moron ina hurry" isa legal test for trademark infringement in which two trademarks are considered to be different enough from each other to coexist if only a moron ina hurry would confuse them.
During your lifetime, you will produce enough saliva to fill two swimming pools. An average human produces 1-2L of saliva each day, which is a maximum of 730L per year. The average life expectancy is around 70 years, which gives a maximum of 51,100L of saliva produced in an average lifetime.
Tom Cruise split with all 3 of his wives when they were 33.
Lee Valley, a Canadian woodworking tool company, pays their employees ona slope. This means the highest-paid CEO cannot make more than 10 times the lowest-paid employee. It also means the CEO gets the same cut of their profit-sharing as the lowest-paid employee.
Aman was saved by not ordering Domino's pizza. After 7 years of ordering every day, the lack of order for 11 days got the store worried. Delivery driver later stopped by his house to find him crying for help." 4g
Silent Night (Stille Nacht) was created in 1818 on Christmas Eve, making the song 200 years old today.
The Earth has another continent called "Zealandia. It's an almost entirely submerged mass of continental crust that sank after breaking away from Australia around 65-80 million years ago.
Research shows frequent viewing of selfies through social network sites is linked toa decrease in self-esteem and life satisfaction.
A psychological study revealed that 72% of people get their best creative ideas in the shower.
Comic Sans' was designed by a man named Vincent Connare in 1995. In 2017, he said he only used the font once.
In 2018, a man ruptured his throat by trying to trapa high-force sneeze. With nowhere to escape, the pressure ripped through the soft tissue in his neck. Trapping a sneeze could also damage the ears or even rupture a brain aneurysm.
The white area in the center of ice cubes is a buildup of impurities, mostly trapped air bubbles and sometimes sediment. Because freezing starts from the outside in, these materials are pushed to the center of the cube while the pure areas remain clear.
If you were to drive your car vertically into the sky at 60 mph (95km/h), it would only take an hour to reach outer space.
There's a Finnish word that means getting drunk alone at home in your underwear. It's "kalsarikannit."
In 2017, the Department of Homeland Security carried out covert tests on TSA (Transportation Security Administration) security, and the results showed that the screeners failed to detect weapons, drugs, and explosives almost 80 percent of the time. AM
When looking at the reviews of a Product/ Service, look at the 3-Star reviews; they're generally the most honest. aie | A
About 20% of teens will experience depression before they reach adulthood.
In 1977, just over 10% of Americans thought homosexuality was something you were born withit has since risen to around 42%-50%.
If you live in the United States and book a flight, you have 24 hours to refund it no questions asked.
Taking a daytime nap once or twice a week may halve the risk of cardiovascular events, such as heart attacks, strokes, and heart failure, according to a new research published in the BMJ journal Heart. " Ca
Lonely people tend to spend more time in their beds, even if they have trouble sleeping. Chronic loneliness can lead to insomnia, as well as the need to get into bed without feeling tired. 6
When deaf people with schizophrenia hear voices, they have visual hallucinations of moving lips, or disembodied hands and arms making sign language movements, according to a study by University College London.
Much like humans, monkeys take the time and effort to spitefully punish others who get more than their fair share. d
Dogs love humans at least as much as they love food. 20% of them love us even more, according to an animal neuroscientist at Emory University. 5
In Japan, you can hire a handsome man to show up at your place, watch a sad video with you until you cry, then wipe your tears for you.
The Pentagon has an actual plan in the event of a "zombie apocalypse." The strategy, known as "CONPLAN 8888," is an unclassified document that lays out how the military would best respond to a potential zombie apocalypse.
SkipLagged.com uses hidden-city ticketing to provide you airfares 80% less than regular price. Their flight are so cheap that United Airline sued them, but they won. 4
Otters keep their favorite stones under their arms when they're not using them to detach prey from the seabed and break it open. They've been known to form attachments to them and keep them throughout their lives.
In 1998, Marvel offered the rights to almost all of their characters to Sony for a mere $25 million. Sony rejected the offer and only purchased Spider- Man for $10 million, believing he was the only one movie audiences would care about. +
LP The Pyramids of Giza are so well built that when Saladin's workers tried to demolish a small pyramid 3000 years after its construction, they could only move 1-2 stones a day and gave up after creating only a gash after eight months.
A single strand of Spaghetti is called a "Spaghetto".
In 2012, a Canadian man getting a rectal exam by his doctor ata hospital was observed by people he assumed were medical practitioners/med students. He sued the hospital and observers after learning the observers were two actors who play doctors on TV doing research for the TV series Saving Hope.
Cats show you their buttholes as a way of saying they're comfortable with you.
Most oxygen (50% to 85%) comes from tiny ocean plants - called phytoplankton - as opposed to trees, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
There is a state recreational park in Connecticut called Satan's Kingdom.
In Japan, their phone's camera shutter sound cannot be muted. fom
The 2% failure rate for Condoms means that for every 100 couples using them for 1 year 2 will get pregnant and not 2 times per 100 intercourses.
Aluminum beer cans used to be 40% thicker and way stronger, which is why we see people crushing beer cans as a display of strength in older movies.
To prepare for the stress of waking, your body releases a cocktail of stress hormones, like cortisol. Gradually, your sleep becomes lighter and lighter. And that's why you usually wake up just before your alarm. As your body hates your alarm clock.
Air conditioning has some influence on sleep since a person's sleep depth changes the moment cool air hits them.
People who prefer gin and tonics are likely to have bigger brains than those who don't. According to the researchers from the University of Queensland, people with larger brains find tonic water less bitter.
Adobe has developed a software that can detect Photoshoped images/faces with 99% accuracy.
On average, cats spend 2/3 of every day sleeping. That means a nine-year-old cat has been awake for only three years of its life.
California is the first state to ban pet stores from selling pets from commercial breeders under the Pet Rescue & Adoption Act; pet stores may sell only rescue & shelter animals. Violators of the law will be fined $500 per animal. CA citizens can still buy pets directly from private breeders.
In 2016, rapper Tech N9ne picks up bras that women throw on stage when he performs and donates them toa domestic violence shelter in Kansas City.
If your hotel room has a keycard slot to enable the lights, any card will probably work as the slots are usually only pressure switches.
According to a study, traveling with your kids makes them better in school. Children who travel have an increased tolerance and respect for other cultures and a greater willingness to try new things. 7 ps 7. 4 ts
A study of 2,000 people found that, on average, men lie twice as often as =
Men touch their testicles around seven times a day on average, according toa study carried out by KP Nuts and Movember.
The red food dye used in Skittles, lipstick comes from dried-up bugs.
Avril Lavigne's 'Girlfriend' was the first YouTube music video to reach 100 million views, doing so back in 2008.
Sean Bean and Peter Dinklage did not have to audition for their roles on Game of Thrones. They were explicitly sought after to play Ned Stark and Tyrion Lannister.
A single bat can eat up to 1,200 mosquito-sized insects every hour, and each bat usually eats 6,000 to 8,000 insects each night.
If someone has experienced just one episode of depression in their lifetime, there's a 50% chance they'll have a second. If they have the second episode, there's an 80% chance they'll endure a third.
In an 8-hour day, the average worker is only productive for 2 hours and 53 minutes.
Elephants can communicate with each other over long distances through the ground by listening with their feet.
In June 2018, a rat breached a bank ATM in India and ate $18,000 worth of cash.
Nepal's flag is triangular. It's the only country in the modern world that does not have a rectangular national flag.
There is no "24 hour waiting period" ona missing persons report. If someone is missing, even if its for just an hour, you can most certainly file a report. MA
Since 2008, more than 44. BILLION dollars has been spent on gift cards that were then never used.
In 2016, a man tried to roba bank after paying $500 toa wizard to make him invisible.
The man on the Pringles can is called Julius.
Norman Greenbaum wrote the famous song, Spirit in The Sky in only 15 minutes, and has been living solely on the royalties for the last 50 years.
The small dot over a lowercase "i" or "j" is called a tittle.
Lobsters have two stomachs. One in their head and it has teeth. It does the work of crushing the food. The second is right behind the first and extends into the abdomen. It aids in digestion.  ta
Historically, an outlaw' was someone who was no longer protected by the law as punishment for a crime, allowing members of the public to legally persecute them at will.
Glaring at seagulls makes them less likely to steal your food as they find human gaze aversive, according toa study by the researchers from Exeter University.
There was a Nazi Board Game "Jews Out" where you move your Jews' outside of the city walls to collection points so they can be sent to "Palestine".
Drinking alcohol actually makes your body colder. The warm sensation we feel is just blood rushing to the surface of our skin, where the heat subsequently dissipates.
It takes about 6 to 8 hours for food to pass through your stomach and small intestine.
3 Holding the hand of a loved one in pain can synchronize breathing, heart rate and brain wave patterns. And the more those brain waves sync, the more the pain goes away. 7 a
The biggest massive-scale virtual battle was fought in an MMORPG game called EVE Online in January 2014. It involved 7,548 players and lasted 21 hours, resulting in losses of approximate real- currency value of $300,000 USD.
The world record for the longest pee is 508 seconds. That's almost 8.5 minutes.
Tigers have striped skin not just striped fur.
Some snakes can survive without food for two years at a time by digesting their own hearts.
| HE : ap fed "4 ene. convention, held in cx New York in 1964, was George R.R. Martin.  a 4 :
A duck is called a duck because it ducks its head under the water to feed. The animal was named after the verb.
STEM majors earn roughly $700,000 more over 40 years than social science or humanities majors.
Squirrels brains expand every year when it is time for them to start burying nuts for the winter, giving them the grey matter it takes to remember where all the nuts are stashed. A
Since Texas Chainsaw Massacre was filmed ona microscopic budget of $60,000, the cast and crew had to work 7 days a week, 12-16 hours a day in 115F (46C) heat in a poorly ventilated farmhouse amid rotting roadkill being used as props to finish the film. A Pa
Having an exercise habit leads people to unknowingly create other, often unrelated, good habits, like exceeding credit cards limit less.
The Sun is the most perfect sphere ever observed in nature.
Excessive joking can be a real neurological disease. A person who sustains damage to the right hemisphere of the brain can develop a "joke addiction" and experience a compulsive need to make jokes.
Trader Joe's employees hide stuffed animals ina majority of their stores and children who find the stuffed animals will be given a special treat, like a lollipop, as a prize.
Dating app Lime uses data from your iOS health app to pair you up with someone as active or as lazyas you are. <
In 2014, a couple invited Queen Elizabeth to their wedding as a joke and she actually showed up.
While their senses don't work the same as human senses, plants can see, hear, smell, feel, react and think. ae G
When the KGB tried to blackmail Indonesian President Sukarno with videotapes of him having sex with Russian women disguised as flight attendants, he wasn't upset. He was delighted and asked for more copies of the video to show back in his country.
In the 18th century, pineapples were status symbols. They were so expensive that people even rented them by the hour.
Honey bees keep their hives at a constant temperature between 32C and optimally 35C. If it's too cold, they generate heat by contracting and relaxing their flight muscles. If it's too hot, then they vent hot air by fanning their wings.
Andrew Jackson, the 7th President of the United States, had a pet parrot named Poll. Poll was kicked out of Jackson's funeral because he wouldn't stop cursing.
All blue-eyed people have a single, common ancestor, who lived near the Black Sea roughly 10,000 years ago. The gene determining pigmentation in the iris has only mutated once, so all people with blue eyes share an common ancestor with the original mutated individual.
Female Komodo dragons can impregnate themselves without a male through a process called "parthenogenesis." They can force the duplication of sex chromosomes and give birth to male Komodo dragons; keeping the species alive.
33% of millennial home buyers decision to buy a home was driven chiefly by their dogs. Millennials who don't yet own a home are also prioritizing pups, with 42% of those surveyed saying a dog is a key factor in their home purchasing decisions.
One in ten British people haven't cooked for a year as they rely on takeaways and microwave meals, according to a poll commissioned by Hammonds Furniture. La
Apple becomes the world's fourth-largest gaming company, surpassing EA, Nintendo and Blizzard.
There is a beer named after the Austrian village of Fucking. It is named Fucking Hell and it's trademarked.
42069 occurs at the 250302"9 position of Pi.
In the "ears or tail" debate, 76% of Americans think the ears should be eaten first on the chocolate bunny.
If letters in early comic books weren't written a certain way, they bled together due to the cheap paper, leading to their distinctive font.
Male fruit flies look for alcohol to consume after being rejected for sex. Sexually deprived flies had half the amount of a substance called neuropeptide F (NPF) in their brains than the sexually satisfied males had. In turn, those low levels of NPF may have driven the rejected males to seek the pleasure of alcohol.
Humans have more empathy for dogs than they do for other humans. ;
In Japan, it's custom for a female student to ask for the second button from a male student's uniform if they like the boy. They say the second button is the closest to the heart.
There is a range of mountains in Antarctica called the Executive Committee Range. @8 FACT seg
An increasing number of schools and companies in Japan encourage their students and employees to cry as a way of relieving stress and improving mental health. There are also people who are called namida sensei" meaning "tears teacher".
The part of the human brain responsible for making rational decisions doesn't fully mature until we're about 25 years old.
Lack of sleep kills a man's sex drive, according toa study published in Journal of the American Medical Association. Poor sleep patterns significantly lower the levels of testosterone, which results in a lack of sex drive. th
Singing for just one hour can reduce stress, improve your mood, and boost your immune system.
LP Bill Gates once released mosquitos into the audience while talking about malaria during a TED talk, he said: there's no reason only poor people should have to experience this." They made sure none of the mosquitoes had malaria before doing so.
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet funded Titanic's last Known survivor, Millvina Dean's, nursing home fees.
The bells at Notre-Dame were once melted down for artillery. The cathedral was transformed in the late 18th century from a Christian space and rededicated to the new Cult of Reason. All 20 of its bellsexcept the colossal 1681 bourdon called Enmanuvel were removed and melted down to make cannons.
Pizza is the most Instagrammed food around the world, according to The Telegraph.
The government of the Netherlands has made it legal to have public sex in Amsterdam's famous Vondelpark.
Kids in St. Louis tell jokes instead of saying "trick or treat" on Halloween.
The 8.9 earthquake that struck Japan in 2011 was so powerful, it shifted the earth's mass and shortened our days by 1.8 microseconds, according to geophysicist Richard Gross at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif.
o In 2016, a rescue dog named Dayko died from exhaustion after saving 7 people from the rubble of the Ecuadorian earthquake.
People are more likely to swear as a form of self-expression, rather than a way to harm other people. a
If somebody fails at a task, wait until they try again and tell them how they can improve. You are giving the same info, but it will be perceived as being supportive rather than berating a failure.
Asian female/White male marriages are the least likely to divorce in any interracial marriage pairing, according to a study published in the Journal of Marriage and Family.
The longest TV commercial is 14 hours long.
In 2012, a hacker disabled the website of Papa John's Pizza because his pizza was delivered late.
A white, middle-age, college-educated American's odds of being a millionaire are 21.5% for a black person with those traits, they're 6.4%.
Highly-skilled workers are more prone to mistakes when interrupted than their less experienced peers.
A small, mouse-like creature called antechinus mates for 14 hours straight then dies, according to National Geographic.
Talking to yourself can be beneficial for your brain and indicate a higher level of intelligence, according to scientists at Bangor University.
Anxious/scared cats can be calmed with a technique called slow blink. It shows you as a more trusting person and is more likely to calm the cat.
It takes 9 hours, 36 minutes, and 10 seconds to reach the 1,048,576th row of an Excel spreadsheet by perpetually pressing the down arrow.
A man in China sold his kidney to buy an iPhone and an iPad when he was 17. And now, he is bedridden for life.
It's impossible for you to breathe and swallow at the same time.
A Rubik's cube is always 20 or less moves away from being solved, even though it has 43,252,003,274,489,856,000 possible positions.
The Frequency illusion (aka Baader-Meinhoff phenomenon) is a cognitive bias that describes our tendency to see new information, names, ideas or patterns everywhere soon after they're first brought to our attention.
In Washington state, there are Bigfoot protection laws, stemming from the logic that if they exist they must be endangered.
Carrots were originally purple. The orange carrots we're familiar with today began as a hybrid designed by Dutch growers to taste sweeter.
The average length of a human sexual encounter is 5.4 minutes, according to researchers at Utrecht University.
In a Japanese survey, when choosing between marrying a rich, bald man, ora handsome, poor man, 76% of the female respondents said they'd rather marry a rich, bald man.
Dogs will lie to get what they want, according to a study published in Animal Cognition. They're capable of adjusting their behavior and using tactical deception. They also understand how their actions affect the behavior of others.
The feeling of butterflies in the stomach ' is caused by adrenaline, which floods your body during flight-or-fight response situations.
Since red wavelengths of light are absorbed within the first 10-20 feet (3-6 meter) of water, blood looks green deep enough below water.
Urine is not considered an ideal source of DNA for forensic identification purposes due to the low concentration of nucleated cells present in human urine.
Parasite is the first Korean film to compete for Oscars Best Picture.
People with the highest IQ scores are less likely to have children than people with the lowest IQ scores, according to a paper published on Social Science Research Network.
In English, zero quantities are plural by default. Therefore you shall write "O results found", "I have found no results.
Every January, divorce filings in the US surge by as much as 30% due to people looking for a new start. .
When men don't masturbate for 7 days, their testosterone levels increase by 45.7%.
There are 101 people in the U.S. who owe at least $1 million in student loans.
Drinking alcohol with a diet mixer gets you 18% more drunk than a regular mixer, according to a study published in the journal Alcoholism: Clinical & Experimental Research.
65% of American employees say having their boss fired would make them happier than a salary increase.
Canada has more lakes than the rest of the world combined.
In the 18th century, pineapples were status symbols. They were so expensive that people even rented them by the hour.
According to Singles In America's survey, going for sushi on the first date increases chances of a second by 170%.
Wearing a bike helmet might lead you to take more risks than you normally would because you feel safer, thereby making you less safe.
Approximately 60% of the gym memberships people start in January never get used.
In New York, there are more Italians than in Rome, more Irish than in Dublin and more Jews than in Tel Aviv.
Snowflame was a DC comic villain who gained his superpowers by doing lots of cocaine. a4 NU oR (
The pain of a breakup activates the same part of the brain as real physical pain.
According to Google data, parents are 2.5 times more likely to search the phrase "Is my son gifted?" than "Is my daughter gifted?"
In 2016, Manchester United cancelled a game and evacuated the stadium after a steward discovered a pipe bomb in the bathrooms. Fortunately, the bomb was a fake; it had been left there by the security team during a training exercise and forgotten.
The type of skin on your lips is called mucosa, the same skin you can find at your anus.
China and India's combined population now is greater than that of the entire world in 1950.
To avoid sexual cannibalism, some male wolf spiders will play dead when a female becomes aggressive while mating.
You're more likely to be bitten by a Chihuahua than a Pit Bull.
Bulls don't actually hate the colour red. In Bullfights, they don't charge at the cape because of its colour, but because of the movement it makes when the matador waves it. The cape is just red to mask the bloodstains from the fight.
The faster you drink alcohol, the more likely you will blackout. f
} Animals re-evaluate what they experienced during the day in their sleep and thereby secure knowledge, meaning they have dreams as complex as a human's, according to researchers at MIT.
Kyoto was actually at the top of the list of targets for the atomic bomb, not Nagasaki nor Hiroshima. Secretary of War Henry Stimson ordered for the ancient city with its thousands of palaces, temples, and shrines to be removed from the list, but the military kept on putting it back on the list until Stimson went directly to President Truman.
At 165,250,000 square kilometers in area, the Pacific Ocean is larger than all of Earth's land area combined.
In 2018, the 26 richest people in the world own as many assets as the 3.8 billion people who make up the poorest half of the population, according to the development charity Oxfam.
Police in the UK can legally break into any person's house under the Bees Act 1980' if they suspect it contains foreign bees.
Using a formula made by studying songs from a period of 50 years, "Mr. Blue Sky" by the Electric Light Orchestra was found to be the happiest song ever.
Humans are bioluminescent and actually glow in visible light. However, the light that we emit is 1,000 times lower than the sensitivity of our naked eyes so we are not able to see it.
In 2013, a British man sent a lookalike to paternity test in an attempt to avoid paying child maintenance. He admitted conspiracy to defraud and was sentenced to six months in prison, suspended for 12 months.
The state of California produces half of the fruit and vegetables consumed in the US, as well as 99% of artichokes and walnuts and 95% of garlic.
When Mao Zedong visited the U.S.S.R. in 1949, Stalin had special toilets installed in order to secretly collect and analyze Mao's poop.
Putting salt on a pineapple slice will make it taste sweeter. The salt reduces the pineapple's acidity, decreasing any sourness.
A Harvard study found that hiring one highly productive but toxic worker does more damage to a company's net income than employing several less productive but more cooperative workers.
Joaquin Phoenix lost 52 pounds in preparation of his role as Joker. It was so challenging that he looked at a flight of stairs for 30 seconds and had to talk himself into it.
People who feel depressed eat about 55% more chocolate than their non-depressed peers, according toa study published this week in the Archives of Internal Medicine.
Dinosaur farts were one of the largest contributing factors to climate change 150 million years ago.
Dictionary writers sometimes put fake words in dictionaries, so they'll know if someone plagiarizes.
Fake smiling at work may lead to heavier drinking after hours, according to a study published in the Journal of Occupational Health Psychology. The more employees have to control negative emotions at work, the less they are able to control their alcohol intake after work.
Even if you have insurance, tell your dentist you don't. The dentist will usually charge you a reduced fee to keep you as a patient. Submit the invoice to your insurance company thus saying you money and leaving room for your insurance cap.
In 2017, a retired man robbed a bank and waited for the police, stating he'd rather be in jail than at home with his wife. However, he was sentenced to six months of house arrest as his punishment due to his mental health.
The US government set a bunch of beer next to an atomic bomb blast to determine if it was still drinkable. In the event of a nuclear war, beer is safe to drink.
One of the first soldiers to charge the beach on D-Day was a Canadian bagpiper, who only survived because he said German Snipers thought he was too crazy to shoot at.  i
The domain name googlesucks.com is owned by Google.
Disney research scientists created a room where your electronic devices begin to recharge as soon as you walk in the door.
Hollywood actresses use safe words when filming sex scenes to let fellow actors and crew know when a scene becomes uncomfortable. Popular examples are "pineapple", "sweet potato" and "mayonnaise".
Eggplants contain nicotine. 20 pounds of eggplant would have the same amount of nicotine as one cigarette.
Studies show spending hours rereading notes to prepare for a test is ineffectiveflash cards, however, are excellent memory reinforcement.
Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different.
Every year, Mariah Carey earns 376,000 (approximately $485,000 USD) in royalties from All | want for Christmas is you.
More than half of dog owners kiss their pets more than their partners, according to a survey. They also preferred to sleep with their pet, not their partner, in the bed.
The US Navy uses Xbox controllers to control their submarine periscopes, according to The Virginian-Pilot.
The shortest player to play in the NBA was 5'3 (1.60m). His name was Muggsy Bogues and he played point guard during his 14 season NBA career.
Hummingbirds are the hungriest birds in the world, burning through energy extremely fast. They can starve to death in hours. According to animal ecologist, a human would have to eat 300 hamburgers just to match the equivalent of what hummingbirds consume to survive every day.
The cracking sound a bullwhip makes when properly wielded is, in fact, a small sonic boom. The end of the whip, known as the "cracker", moves faster than the speed of sound, thus creating a sonic boom.
Cristiano Ronaldo makes more money from his Instagram account than from playing football. He pockets an annual $47.8 million from paid Instagram posts, according to a study by social media firm Hopper HQ on Buzz Bingo. In contrast, his salary at Juventus is reportedly $34 million, according to Goal.com.
The greatest officially recorded number of children born to one mother is 69, according to the Guinness World Records.
Pandas can poop up to 40 times a day. The rest of the time is spent eating or sleeping.
So iekh anaes 7
64% of millennials would rather make $40,000 a year in ajob they love than $100,000 a year ina boring one.
LP Women with bigger boobs suffer colds for twice as long as those with flatter chests, according toa study published in the journal Archives of Sexual Behaviour.
In China, there is an Elderly Rights" law which makes it illegal for anyone who has parents over 60 not to visit them regularly.
Treadmills were created to punish prisoners in 1818. An English civil engineer devised a machine called the tread-wheel to reform stubborn and idle convicts.
Einstein failing a math exam is a myth. He failed the entrance exam to Zurich Polytechnic because he did poorly on botany, zoology and language sections.
LP A man in Taiwan says he accidentally swallowed an AirPod while asleep. When he woke up, he hit Apple's tracking & heard beeps from inside his body. The earbud then passed through his digestive system and still worked afterwards.
Women who sleep with a television or light on in the room are 17% more likely to have gained approximately 11 pounds (5kg), according to scientists at the National Institutes of Health.
During a typical lifetime, people spend an average of six years dreaming.
Singing can help reduce feelings of depression and anxiety and boost oxygen flow to the brain, according to research from the University of East Anglia.
There are 43 buildings in New York City so large, they have their own zip codes.
Tom Kenny, the voice actor for SpongeBob, has been married to the voice actor for Plankton's computer wife Karen, Jill Talley, since 1995.
Elon Musk, Stephen Hawking, and Steve Wozniak have all signed an open letter for a ban on Artificially Intelligent weapons.
Most dogs are unable to recognise themselves in a mirror. =
The Titanic Il is scheduled to set sail in 2022 and will retrace the route of the original ship.
The numbers 7 and 11 both have the word "even" in them, but are odd numbers.
A study found that lower- skilled video game players are hostile towards female players and submissive to highly- skilled male players.
Darth Vader's suit would cost $18.3 million in real life.
Whenever a package is late from Amazon, chat with customer support and ask for 1 month Prime extension. The reps are allowed to do that without approval.
When a beehive becomes too full, bees will form a "Senate" comprised of older, more experienced bees to seek a new location. When a bee finds a good spot, it begins dancing to motion other bees toward it. Then, they vote on it by dancing as a collective until a consensus is reached.
More driving errors occur when listening to a favorite song compared to unfamiliar music.
o The movie Moana was released as Oceania in Italy. They changed the name because a porn star named Moana was well known in the country.
Brunete, a small Spanish town, mailed dog poop back to offenders. A team of volunteers looked for careless dog owners and struck up conversations to learn the dog's name, which made it possible to identify the owner via pet records and mail back the poop, labelled lost property." Violations dropped by 70%.
Insect numbers have been down 25% since 1990, according to research published in the journal Science.
People with depression feel better after listening to sad music, according to a study published in the journal Emotion.
Instead of donating money, Toyota helped the NY Food Bank by increasing efficiency, cutting line wait times from 90 to 18 minutes. @BFACT
LP Enoteca Maria, an Italian restaurant, has no professional chefs, only Italian grandmas. A regular rotation of more than 30 nonnas swap shifts at the Staten Island restaurant and each one cooks specialities from her own region.
In 2014, a man failed the breathalyser test without consuming anything alcoholic. It was later discovered that he got "drunk" because his stomach brewed its own beer by converting carbohydrates in grains into alcohol.
Taking naps during the day can improve your memory and cut your risk of heart disease. fh
The ancient Greeks made their dildos out of bread (baguettes, essentially).
In an early draft of Back to the Future, the time machine was a refrigerator. It was changed toa DeLorean because director Robert Zemeckis was afraid kids would imitate the film and get trapped.
Eating more mushrooms could improve your mental health, according to a research from the National University of Singapore. Mushrooms are a rich source of the antioxidants ergothioneine, which act as the protective agent that boosts mental health.
A survey found that 85% of recent college grads are confident they'll find work in their chosen field, but only about two- thirds actually will.
Each second of 'Spider- Man: Into the Spider-verse (a 117-minute movie) took an artist a week to complete. In total, it took 4 years and 800 people. a
Dogs sometimes pretend to be sick so their owners give them more attention.
Potatoes were used as weapons in World War Il. The ships were so close that not even the short-range weapons were able to fire, and none of the sailors were carrying sidearms. So they started chucking potatoes. And the enemy soliders thought they were grenades, so they started chucking them back.
French courts have the ability to stop parents giving inappropriate names to their children: in 2015 they ordered that a girl should be called Ella and not Nutella as originally intended.
Normally, fire or flame doesn't cast shadows. A shadow is formed any time part of a light beam is blocked or redirected. And a flame, like on a match, is a gaseous chemical reaction. Light doesn't destructively interfere, so light from the surroundings simply passes through the flame, unaltered.
Boycott was named in 1880, after Charles Cunningham Boycott, an English land agent who became infamous after he was ignored and ostracized by his Mayo Irish community in Ireland after treating them very badly.
Universities like MIT offer free online courses for subjects like Computer Science, Engineering, Psychology and more that include full lectures and exams.
Humans can't ae  grass because our bodies don't have what it takes to break down the cellulose found in the plant. M
Keanu Reeve's first name is Hawaiian. Keanu means coolness.
In 2017, an Australian plane passenger checks ina single can of beer after the airline told him he couldn't board with it.
The zipper brand, YKK, makes everything they use in their production processes, in-house. From the machines they use to make their zippers, to smelting their own brass - they even make the boxes they ship their zippers in.
oP Looking at cute pictures of animals while working can make you more productive, according to researchers from Hiroshima University.
When refusing to eat unhealthy food, using the words I don't" instead of | can't" will make you 8 times more likely to stick to your diet.
In 2016, a mother shaved her daughter's head as punishment for bullying a bald girl with cancer.
Happy couples tend to underestimate how often a partner is suppressing emotions and overestimate a partner's ability to see silver linings.
Mosquitoes can smell what blood type you are and they prefer type O. A study found that, in a controlled setting, mosquitoes landed on people with Type O blood nearly twice as often as those with Type A.
In 2015, a Florida woman used the Pizza Hut app to get police help. Her boyfriend held her hostage with her children, and took her phone away. She convinced him to let her use the phone to order a pizza; she put in the comments: "Please help. Get 911 to me." Police arrived and the boyfriend was arrested.
Teens who spend most of their time listening to music are more likely to get depressed.
In 'The Spongebob Squarepants Movie' (2004), Spongebob states he has 374 consecutive Employee of the Month awards, this means he has been working at the Krusty Krab for a little over 31 years.
In March 2019, 56% of email traffic was spam, according to the email marketing statistics 2019.
An Australian police dog, Gavel, got fired for being too nice. After that, he has been residing in the official residence of the Queensland governor and became Queensland's official Vice-Regal Dog.
The writer of Peter Pan hada brother who died at the age of 12. His mother found comfort that her dead son would remain a boy forever. This is why the children in his story do not grow old.
Haagen-Dazs was completely made up by its Polish Jewish founders to sound Danish. The umlaut (") does not even exist in Danish and neither does the "zs" letter combination. 4 . :
School buses are yellow because we see yellow faster than any other color; 1.24 times faster than we see red. a e
SpongeBob's original name was 'SpongeBoy.. But the name was copyrighted and already taken by a mop company. So they changed it to SpongeBob.
One woman generates 300 pounds of tampon trash in her lifetime.
The more people value happiness, the lonelier they feel on a daily basis.
oP German chocolate cake does not have a German origin. It was named after the American baker Samuel German, who developed a type of dark baking chocolate for Baker's Chocolate Company. 4 4
The robbery of the Federal Reserve scene in 'Die Hard with a Vengeance was so plausible that the FBI actually questioned the screenwriter on how he had such intimate knowledge of the vaults.
Just the sight of meat had the ability to relax men.
If your parents are good with money, ask them to add you as an authorized user to their credit card. This helps build up a good credit history for you with years of on time payments and a better credit utilization.
The average child discovered Santa wasn't real at the age of 8.
If you leave lime juice on your hands on a sunny day, your skin can get rashlike burns. This is because phytophotodermatitis happens when a certain plant compound comes in contact with the skin, making that one area light sensitive. It's also called "margarita dermatitis" because people often get it while making margaritas outside.
More than 100 toxic gases are released by the lithium batteries found in products like smartphones and tablets when they get too hot.
Losing just a couple of hours of sleep is enough to make us angrier. It makes you less able to cope with frustrating situations and even intensify negative feelings, according to researchers at lowa State University. \
There was lyrics in Sesame street sing If | make friends with a friendly monster, I'll let him bounce me on his knee. I'll let him do whatever he wants to especially if he's bigger than me."
"The loneliest place in North America" is Stannard Rock Lighthouse. Marooned ona concrete and limestone pinnacle, out of sight of land, with nothing but the mocking cry of gulls and the relentless crash of the cold waves, was a situation many found unbearable. zs
Try foods that you hated as a kid, your taste buds change every 7 years and you're very likely to enjoy most of the foods you disliked.
Giving up alcohol for just a month can improve liver function, decrease blood pressure, and reduce the risk of liver disease and diabetes.
When a Viking warrior received a gut wound, he would be fed a pungent onion soup. If the wound smelled like onions upon later examination, they knew the injury was life- threatening.
The building with the most toilets in the world is Wembley Stadium.
The average Brit spends a total of 43 days of their life trying to get products out of their packaging, according to recent research by DS Smith.
You can unboil an egg by using urea, the main component of urine, according to scientists at the University of California Irvine.
According to a study from the University of Oxford, women with bigger butts give birth to smarter children.
Sloths can swim three times faster than they can walk on land. And because of their ability to slow their heart rates to one-third its normal rate, they can also hold their breath for a whopping 40 minutes underwater.
People experiencing anxiety have more activity in the right side of the brain, causing them to walk ina leftward trajectory.
In 1746, a Swedish king tried to prove coffee was unhealthy by having one man drink large amounts of coffee and his identical twin drink the same amount of tea every day for the rest of their lives. Both twins outlived the doctors in charge of the experiment and the king himself.
Daniel Radcliffe once wore the same outfit for 6 months to avoid paparazzi. All new photos were unusable because it looked like everything was taken on the same day.
In 1140, a German king sieged the town of Weinsberg and ordered all the women to leave, saying they could take whatever they could carry on their backs. The women left their belongings and carried their husbands on their shoulders, instead. The king kept his word.
Farts have been clocked at a speed of 10 feet (3m) per second.
Po, the smallest Teletubby, is 6 ft. 6 in. in real life, while Tinky Winky looms around 10 ft. tall.
According to a study by The Journal of Prevention of Alzheimer's Disease, memories of music cannot be lost to Alzheimer's and dementia. That's because the part of the brain which produces the ASMR is immune to the degradation caused by the disease.
According to Singapore's Computer Misuse and Cypersecurity Act, using someone else's Wi-Fi network without their permission is punishable by up to 3 years in jail, a $10,000 fine, or both. be
Central Park in New York City is six times larger than Monaco, an actual country.
Old books have a particular smell due to lignin being present in the paper. Lignin is closely related to vanillin, leading them to have a faint vanilla scent.
In World War Il, British soldiers were given a ration of only 3 sheets of toilet paper per day. American soldiers received 22.
After a man received a heart transplant from a suicide victim, he went on to marry the donor's widow. Then he eventually took his own life the same way his donor did.
It makes no difference which side of the aluminium foil you use, both sides do the same fine job of cooking, freezing and storing food. The difference in appearance between dull and shiny is due to the foil manufacturing process, according to the packaging company Reynold's Kitchen.
New York City is one of the four major cities in the U.S. whose drinking water is pure enough to not require any further purification from water treatment plants.
A woman in China has scared away a would-be sex offender during the coronavirus outbreak by pretending to cough and telling him that she was from Wuhan. The man fled the scene but not before robbing her of $440 in cash.
There are more than 10,000 beaches in Australia  You could visit a different beach everyday for 27 years and still not see them all.
The dinosaur noises in the movie Jurassic Park' were made from recordings of tortoises having sex.
Elevators in Singapore are equipped with Urine Detection Devices that pick up the scent of urine. When an alarm goes off, the elevator doors lock until police arrive to get the offender.
Scientists believe that it rains diamonds on Jupiter and Saturn. Atmospheric data for the gas giants indicates that carbon is abundant in its dazzling crystal form, the BBC reports. Lightning storms turn methane into soot which hardens into chunks of graphite and then diamond as it falls.
Iron Man started filming before the script was finished. As a result, most of the dialog in the movie is improvised because the director felt that it would make the movie feel more natural.
LP Surgeons who play video games make fewer mistakes during surgery, according to psychology professors at lowa State University.
Chewbacca's voice was created by the original films' sound designer, Ben Burtt, from a mix of recordings of walruses, lions, camels, bears, rabbits, tigers and badgers in Burtt's personal library.
Freddie Mercury ended a potential collab with Michael Jackson because he felt uncomfortable with Jackson's pet llama in the studio.
The top six foods that make your fart are beans, corn, bell peppers, cauliflower, cabbage and milk.
In Kenya, elephant poop is being used to make paper. Elephants poop up to 50 kg a day which can produce 125 sheets of paper.
Researchers have found that exposure to the smell of fatty food for 2 minutes can trigger a reward in the brain that makes us feel satisfied, without actually eating the food. In the study, participants were more likely to pick healthy food to eat after smelling unhealthy foods.
Masturbating can boost your immune system. Orgasms not only provide a rush of feel- good hormones, like dopamine, serotonin, and oxytocin, but they help balance your cortisol levels (a stress hormone), helping your immune system function more effectively.
Nicolas Cage's real name is Nicolas Coppolahis stage name was inspired by Marvel's Luke Cage, one of his favorite comic characters.
Fresh snow absorbs sound, lowering ambient noise over a landscape because the trapped air between snowflakes attenuate vibration. That's why it gets so quiet when it snows.
Some female penguins engage in prostitution; performing sex acts in exchange for pebbles -- just trick the male into thinking they'll have sex, then run off once she gets the pebble.
Queen Elizabeth has met 12 US presidents during her reign. Which is over a quarter of all presidents since the United States inception.
The average man gets bored during a shopping trip with their wife or girlfriend after just 26 minutes, according to a UK study.
Technically speaking, spiciness is not a taste because it is not produced by taste buds. Capsaicin, the active component in hot peppers, stimulates your pain receptors, making you think the food is hot. So spiciness is a sensation of pain.
People who grow up in warmer climates tend to be friendlier than those who grow up in harsher climates, according toa study published in Nature Research.
Pablo Picasso's full name has 23 words: Pablo Diego Jos Francisco de Paula Juan Nepomuceno Maria de los Remedios Cipriano de la Santisima Trinidad Martyr Patricio Clito Ruiz y Picasso.
LP In Alabama, it is illegal for a person to walk down the street with an ice cream cone in their back pocket.
There is an official world record for time traveling. It's held by cosmonaut Sergei Krikalev, who has spent 803 days, 9 hours and 39 minutes total in orbit around Earth. According to Einstein's theories of relativity, this would mean Sergei effectively has travelled about 0.02 seconds forward in time.
Frank Oz, the man who voiced Yoda in "Star Wars," was also the voice of Cookie Monster and Miss Piggy.
1in 30 people have pooped in the shower, according to a survey conducted by QS Supplies.
When trying to cool down ona hot day, put ice or a cold water bottle on areas close to veins, such as wrists or neck.
There's a Japanese phrase that means "when you're not hungry, but you eat because your mouth is lonely, it's called "Kuchisabishii (O#% UL))."
Pokmon is the highest- grossing media franchise of all time with $95 billion, beating out other franchises such as Star Wars and Marvel Cinematic Universe and Mickey Mouse.
In the year 2014, "Khaleesi" was the United States's 755th most popular baby name for girls. In England, Khaleesi, Arya, Tyrion, Brienne, Sansa, Bran, Sandor, and Theon also saw arise in popularity after Game of Thrones began airing.
Masturbating improves the fitness of a man's sperm by getting rid of old sperm, as younger sperm have a higher likelihood of insemination. j
Robin Williams was interested in the role of Hagrid in Harry Potter but was rejected due to the all-British and Irish cast" policy.
Microsoft offered Yahoo $44.6 billion for their entire company in 2008, but Yahoo believed that wasn't enough money. In 2016, Yahoo ended up selling to Verizon for $4.83 billion.
Genghis Khan killed so many people that forests grew and 700 million tons of carbon dioxide were scrubbed from the atmosphere. ~~) i
Growing a beard can have health benefits - Beards can prevent allergies, asthma attacks, rashes and are effective at protecting your skin from the sun.
Russia didn't consider beer an alcoholic drink until 2011. Anything containing less than 10% alcohol was previously considered a "soft drink."
People with more friends as kids made more money as adults2% more earnings for each friend.
Canadians say "sorry" so often that the country had to pass the "Apology Act" in 2009 stating that the use of the word didn't count as an admission of guilt.
In 2014, a man in Arizona stole a diamond worth $160,000 and traded it for $20 worth of weed.
oP Canada is currently running low on marijuana after just a few days of it being legal.
The warty comb jelly (sea walnut) does not have an anus in a fixed location on its body. Instead an anus develops when the jelly needs to defecate and disappears when it's done, according to the Marine Biological Laboratory.
Couples who cuddle often tend to be happier and have deeper connections than those who don't.
The gap in life expectancy between rich and poor people has doubled in the UK - On average, the poorest die ten years earlier than the richer.
A 13-year-old opened a hot dog stand in front of his home in Minnesota, causing a complaint to the health department. Instead of shutting him down, the inspectors helped him bring his stand up to code and paid the $87 fee for his permit out of their own pockets.
Losing an hour of sleep after daylight savings results ina 24% increase of heart attacks whereas gaining an hour of sleep after daylight savings results in a 21% reduction of heart attacks, according to American Heart Association.
The Guinness Book of World Records holds the world record for the most stolen book from public libraries.
back Ane his ATM ceri and locking him out of his account. After months-long arguing and threatening by the bank, he
If you're staying ata hotel and front desk calls to verify your credit card details, it's a scam.
Research shows that children who eat chicken off the bonerather than pre-cut chicken exhibit more social aggression. 4
The Guinness medical record of the longest attack of hiccups was 68 years. Charles Osborne of Anthon, lowa, started hiccupping in 1922 and didn't stop until February 1990.
Donald Duck's middle name is Fauntleroy, as revealed in the 1942 film Donald Gets Drafted.
When Facebook acquired Instagram in 2012 for $1 billion, the 15-month old Instagram had only 13 employees and a handful of investors.
In 2013, an Australian man set up a ghost- catching camera but instead caught his wife having sex with his own son.
Shuttlecocks used in professional badminton are made of feathers specifically from the left wing of a goose. They spin clockwise when smashed. If they were made using right-wing feathers, they'd spin counterclockwise  which totally screws with players.
The word "fuck" and its derivatives can be used as nouns, verbs, adjectives, interjections, or adverbs. Logically, they can be used almost anywhere in a sentence.
In the UK, one in 25 men and one in 30 women shower just once a week, according to a poll.
According to a research, as many as 80 million bacteria are transferred during a 10-second Kiss.
Lunar New Year causes the largest human migration in the world. In China, most elderly parents live in rural villages while their children work in the cities. The migration back home to go on vacation, Chunyun, causes heightened traffic load.
The residents of Churchill, Canada, often leave their car doors unlocked in case someone needs to take shelter from a polar bear.
Less than 1% of the  world's shipwrecks have been explored. sw
The highest grossing video game of all time, Grand Theft Auto V, has made $6 billion -- Avatar, the highest grossing movie, has only made $2.7 billion.
Having regular orgasms can improve your decision-making skills, creativity, and even make you more social. Lt
There are about 25 million tons of spiders living on earth.
Blowing out birthday candles increases bacteria on the cake by 1,400%, according to a study in the Journal of Food Research.
In 2002, a Marvel comics writer based an alternate version of Nick Fury on Samuel L Jackson, using his image without permission. Jackson discovered this and nearly took legal action. Marvel offered to cast him as Fury if the character was ever in a movie. Jackson took the deal.
Cheese is just a loaf of milk. Z
The Baby Boomer generation was called the "Me Generation" in the 70s. They were portrayed as a "culture of narcissism" by many journalists at the time.
A golden retriever, Figo, sacrificed his safety to protect his owner. He leaped in front of a school bus in an effort to protect a blind woman. The chief of police said he'd seen dogs protect their owners from intruders, but never automobiles. Luckily, Figo only sustained a leg injury.
Corn Flakes were originally created in an attempt to get people to stop masturbating. &
The U.S. government gave Indiana Universi $1 million to study 5p memes in 2014. 7. Ln
A study published in the journal Cognitive Processing revealed that a dark sense of humor might be an indicator of high intelligence. The study also showed that people who tend to lean to the dark side with their humor were also emotionally stable and had the highest verbal and nonverbal intelligence.
Some hotels have sensors in the mini-bar that automatically charge you if an item is moved, even if you never intended to consume it. Check your bill.
Teens overestimate how much the cooler kids and jocks are drinking and having sex, and also how much the nerds are studying.
Four is the only number which has the same amount of letters as its actual value.
May was named National Masturbation Month" in 1995 by the sex-toy store Good Vibrations.
o Tic Tacs contain 94.5% sugar but they are legally labelled "sugar- free" because the serving size is less than 0.5 grams, according to FDA labelling rules.
In China, there are boot camps that claim to cure internet addictiontheir methods are so extreme that adolescents have died in their care.
Women who watched romantic comedies are far more likely to view the behavior of stalkers as acceptable.
About 100 men in Germany die every year while masturbating, according to a study by forensic examiners.
Google and Facebook can track your porn history, even when you're in incognito mode. Ina new study by Microsoft Research, Carnegie Mellon University and the University of Pennsylvania, 22,484 porn sites were analyzed and 93% of them leak user data to a third party.
The average cat owner takes seven photos of their cat per day, according to a survey by OnePoll and Fresh Step litter.
When people say that you are "1in a million," there are actually around 7,530 people just like you.
The real St. Patrick wasn't Irish. He was born in Britain around A.D. 390 to an aristocratic Christian family.
Men ignore their partners 388 times a year using selective hearing, according toa study conducted by Scrivens Hearing Care.
Coca-Cola never patented their "secret formula" because doing so would require them to disclose the ingredients publicly. Moreoever, a patent life is usually about 20 years and after that, anyone can use the technology/invention from the patent.
When unsubscribing from a service online, take a screen shot of the finalized screen as proof will prevent them from billing you against your will.
While 'Comic Sans' is hated by many people, it is very helpful for those with dyslexia. The irregular shape of letters in Comic Sans' allows those with dyslexia to be able to read the letters properly by focusing on the individual parts of words. The font is recommended by the British Dyslexia Association and the Dyslexia Association of Ireland.
If you want to giveaway stuff for free don't list them under "Free", instead put some price on them. When a descent person shows up, Offer it for free. You'll get lots of thanks & get rid of "choosing beggars" and those who swap free stuff for money.
Within 3 days of death, the enzymes that once digested your dinner begin to eat you.
Most airplane seats are blue because the color helps to calm anxiety and relieve fear.
Nigel Richards, a New Zealand native who doesn't speak French, memorized every French word in the French Scrabble dictionary and won the French- language Scrabble World Championships.
The main reason footballs were originally black and white was so that it could appear on black and white TV more easily.
Sharks have been on earth longer than trees have. Trees didn't appear on the planet until the late Devonian period, some 360 million years ago. Sharks, on the other hand, have been around for at least 400 million years.
In 2010, a man was sentenced to 2 years for stabbing a man who knifed him in Counter-Strike. He spent 6 months tracking down his rival's real-life location. The judge called him a "menace to society." Aa
A caffeinated bracelet called Joule allows you to absorb caffeine through your skin, without the drawbacks of coffee or soda.
Anticipation of sex increases your facial hair growth, according to a study published in the science journal Nature.
Ancient Romans believed in a sewer goddess, a toilet god, and a god of poop.
About 95 per cent of the world's food needs are provided by just 30 species of plants. And just five of them - rice, wheat, maize, millet and sorghum - provide about 60 per cent.
People with congenital blindness (blindness present from birth) are seemingly unable to get schizophrenia, according to researchers from the University of Western Australia.
Sergei Krikalev, a soviet cosmonaut outlasted the collapse of the USSR in space.
Xylitol, a sweetener used in sugarless gum, candy, baked goods, toothpaste, and some nut butters, can be life- threatening to dogs.
Smell is just taste that doesn't get consent.
In 2014, a Japanese woman reportedly asked to divorce her husband of six years because he didn't share her love of the movie Frozen.
"&" and "and" mean different things in movie credits. Two writers names joined with "&" means they collaborated, while "and" means they worked on the script at different times.
Banging your head against a wall burns 150 calories an hour.
When kids use curse words, it's more for the sake of humor and less out of anger.
You'll eat less unhealthy food if you serve yourself, rather than letting someone serve you.
Americans would run out of avocados in three weeks if the government shut down the U.S.-Mexico border.
Nearly 3,000 euros are tossed into Rome's Trevi fountain each day, totalling over a million in a year. And the money is used to fund a supermarket for people in need.
Humans evolved uniquely huge butts because its placement and size helps us balance and stay upright. -
People who are overweight, but not obese, actually live longer than underweight people or people whose weight is normal based on BMI.
Cats do not need to blink ona regular basis to keep their eyes lubricated (with tears). Unblinking eyes are probably an advantage when hunting. Cats will, however, squint their eyes, usually as a form of communication expressing affection and ease around another cat or human.
prove Me magician. l i
New car smell can result in dizziness, allergic reactions, headaches, or cancer if inhaled in large quantities for long enough.
According to a recent survey commissioned by Google, more than half of the UK adults don't know the galaxy is called the Milky Way, with one in six of them believe the entire galaxy is called Earth.
Bananas are a natural sleep aid because they contain melatonin, which helps regulate the body's natural rhythms.
Researchers from the University of Tokyo have teamed up with members of the Japan Origami Airplane Association to develop a paper aircraft capable of surviving the flight from the International Space Station to the Earth's surface. They claim this paper airplane will come down more slowly than a real spacecraft, and it is not expected to burn up on re-entry.
An average package is dropped 17 times before it reaches its purchaser, according to the owner of ANAMA package and container testing services.
UCLA researchers found that, throughout their lives, sex criminals consume less porn that most men.
Strong beers can be very, very healthy for gut health when consumed in moderation, according to a professor at Amsterdam University. While most beers are only fermented once, a beer (like a strong Belgian) that goes through fermentation twice has more of a specific type of probiotic yeast that kills disease- causing bacteria in the gut.
Italy's highest court ruled that stealing small amounts of food to stave off hunger is not a crime.
In 2016, Japan started giving its elderly citizens a discount on ramen if they gave up their driver's licenses.
Pandas sometimes fake pregnancies to receive more food and special treatment from humans. Some animals (including humans and pandas) can erroneously believe that they are pregnant and actually experience some symptoms due to hormone fluctuations, even if they haven't mated.
The 26th President of the United States, Teddy Roosevelt, regularly staged boxing matches in the White House and took on anyone he could - including professional boxers.
Humans don't actually have 5 senses, we have other senses like balance, heat, pain and the passage of time. Humans actually have at least 14 senses.
The first CEO of Apple was named Michael Scott.
Cowboy boots are designed for safety. The high heel prevents your foot from sliding thru the stirrups, trapping your foot but if it does and you fall off the horse the lack of laces allows your foot to slide out of the boot preventing you from being dragged by the horse.
Swiss Cheese isn't Swiss. It's American. a
When a cat passed away in Ancient Egypt, every member of its household would shave their eyebrows off in mourning.  Se
If you're reduced to eating ramen, go to the asian market. The packages come with much more interesting seasonings that do a lot for the flavor of the soup and making you feel "fancy".
Steve Carell used to be a mail carrier. During the holidays, he would write notes to kids who sent letters to Santa saying, Your letter has been picked up by a special reindeer courier.
All astronauts going to the International Space Station are required to learn Russian, which can take up to 1,100 class hours for English language speakers.
It can take five times longer to get pregnant by a man over 45 as by a man under 25.
Cheetahs cannot roar but instead meow like house cats.
If a female octopus is hungry and doesn't want to mate, but the male tries to, she'll let him insert his mating arm, and begin the process before inching closer to him... then she'll strangle him, kill him, and feast on his corpse in her den for a few days. < i.
Chinese mourners burn paper money so their loved ones aren't poor in the afterlifelately, they have also been burning paper Apple watches.
According to a GitHub study, women are considered better programmers than men, but only if they do not disclose their gender.
- a ek Robots can learn to deceive and lie to other robots for personal ae oP , @ FA 7 F
It took 200,000 years for the human population to reach 1 billion. Then it only took 200 years for it to reach 7 billion.
Eating a meal or a snack before going to bed increases your metabolism and body temperature, increasing your chances of having nightmares.
Pineapples were very expensive in the 1700s, so American colonists would rent a pineapple and carry it around a party to flout their wealth. e
Potatoes and onions shouldn't be stored together because onions produce and emit ethylene gas, which speeds up the ripening process and can cause nearby potatoes to rot and spoil more quickly.
in 2017, after firefighters saved piglets froma barn fire, the farmer sent them sausages made from the piglets as a thank you gift 6 months later.
The marine who saved President Ford in an assassination attempt was then publicly outed as gay, be estranged from his family, drink heavily, and finally die at the age of just 47.
Flamingos can sleep in ponds that freeze around their legs at night, drink water at boiling temperatures, and survive in conditions that expose them to arsenic and poisonous gases.
There's a town called "Hell" in Michigan, and it has literally frozen over' due to the polar vortex.
Some Japanese trains make dog barking sound to ward off deers in order to prevent collisions on the railway, according to the Railway Technical Research Institute.
Between 1881 and 1974, it was Illegal to appear in public in Chicago if you were "ugly."
Game of Thrones star Kit Harington's ancestor, Sir John Harington, invented the first flushing toilet.
In 2016, a Chinese woman got each of her 20 boyfriends to buy her a newly-released iPhone 7. Then she sold them and used the money to buy a house.
Despite it being common practice for casinos to ban card counters, a 1979 New Jersey Supreme Court decision banned all Atlantic City casinos from doing so, making them the only state in America where a casino is forbidden from throwing out skilled blackjack players.
Living with a view of water (the ocean, or a lake) can make you calmer, happier and more creative. a 4
A psychological study of more than 4,000 millionaires found that people with more wealth are indeed happier with life. They also found that people who earned their wealth were happier than those who inherited it.
There are only 8 species of bears in the world: brown bears, Asiatic black bears, North-American black bears, sun bears, sloth bears, spectacled bears, polar bears, and pandas.
Tennis balls were originally black or white and hard to see ona TV screen. After much research, The International Tennis Federation (ITF) introduced the iconic green colored tennis ball in 1972 so viewers at home could see its motion more easily.
Swearing in your native language provides measurably more relief than swearing ina second language.
Getting stabbed by a pencil can leave a mark on your skin for decades because graphite particles are left in the dermis layer of the skin, which is the same layer of the skin where tattoo ink is placed. @ |
There is a Starbucks at the CIA headquarters and the baristas are not allowed to ask for names for security reasons. To the staff, this Starbucks is known as "Store Number 1."
Black and white stripes deter insects. Ina Japanese experiment, cows painted with black and white stripes had about 50% fewer biting flies landed on them than unpainted cows.
Starfish don't have centralized brains, which is why Patrick from SpongeBob is so dumb.
Dogs can understand as many as 250 words and gestures. The average dog is as intelligent as a 2-year-old child. 4 _
Originally, golf balls were smooth; but golfers noticed that older balls that were beat up seemed to fly farther due to turbulence increase. So modern- day golf balls now have dimples around them to give golfers an advantage on the golf course.
Detroit holds the record for the city with the most rejected bids to host the Olympics.
Men aren't funnier than womenthey just make more joke attempts than women do, not caring if they crash and burn.
The last letter added to the alphabet wasn't 'Z' -- It was J.
Go | People who refer to to themselves | - during inner r monologues are calmer, less stress and more confident thar those who use "I" or "me.
Breathing 100% pure oxygen for more than 16 hours can lead to irreversible lung damage, damage to the retinas, and eventually, death.
Bees enjoy alcohol and can consume the human equivalent of 10 liters of wine at one sitting, according to researchers at Ohio State University.
There is an Icelandic show called 'Keeping up with Kattarshians, which is about 4 kittens living in a miniature house.
Lemons and limes both have densities that are very close to water. However, limes are slightly denser than lemons, which is why they sink and lemons float.
There was a petition to rename an Austrian village named Fucking. Tarsdorf municipality's mayor decided to keep the name as it had existed for 800 years and further stated that "[e]veryone here knows what it means in English, but for us Fucking is Fuckingand it's going to stay Fucking.
If you Google site:edu [subject] exam you may find old college exams that cover the subject you're searching for.
In the UK, pink lights - which make skin blemishes more visible have been installed in public places to deter teenage loitering.
You burn more calories eating celery than it contains.
People who swear more are more honest, according to researchers from the University of Cambridge. The main thing they found is that people who filter their language when speaking are more likely to be filtering what they're saying as well. :
The first recorded pizza delivery was in 1889 to Queen Margherita of Savoy. Reportedly, she was tired of eating fancy meals and requested a local peasant meal; they delivered a white, green, and red pie to symbolize the newly unified Italy's flag. She declared it one of the best things she had ever eaten after taking one bite.
Universal Studios "Jurassic Park: The Ride cost twice as much to make as the actual Jurassic Park film.
o Your liver can process 12 oz. of beer, 5 oz. of wine, or 1.5 oz. of distilled spirits per hour anything beyond that will make you drunk.
Second-born children are more likely to be troublemakers.
28 per cent of delivery drivers have eaten some of your food, according to a study conducted by the US Foods.
Women tend to feel loved when talking face-to-face with their partners; while men feel emotionally close when they work, play, or talk side-by-side.
Getting drunk brings out something closer to our true personalities. Alcohol doesn't cause us to change who we are. We just become less self- conscious and more extroverted, according to researchers from the University of Missouri.
4 of the last 5 World Cup winners have failed to advance past the knockout stage in the following World Cup. France in 2002, Italy in 2010, and Germany in 2018 all finished 4th in the group stage.
A child growing up in the U.S. is more likely to have a pet than a live-at-home father.
Anxiety sensitivity is a condition where the sufferer has anxiety about anxiety itself.
There's a tree with its own postal address in Germany. It's known as the Bridegroom Oak, and it receives about 1,000 letters per year from singles looking for love. Anyone can take letters from the tree and respond. They estimate that it's responsible for over 100 marriages.
Canada consumes more mac and cheese than any other country in the world. 4 | ea
Most women find men more attractive when they get attention from other women.
Sprite can break down acetaldehyde, a metabolite of ethanol, making it an effective hangover-curing drink.
May was named National Masturbation Month" in 1995 by the sex-toy store Good Vibrations.
A girl once turned orange from drinking 1.5 liters of Sunny Delight every day. Beta-carotene, which is used to color the drink can change the color of your skin at extremely high doses.
A turkey's sex can be determined from its faeces. Males produce spiral-shaped poop and females poop is shaped like the letter J.
A cat's brain has 1,000 times more "data storage than an iPad and operates a million times faster, according to the Scientific American.
On average, people in the 90th IQ percentile (IQ = 120) was rated to be the most sexually attractive and the most desirable in a long-term partner, according to a study published in Science Direct.
An alligator can go two years without feeding by burning fat reserves at the base of its tail. Ae ot?
40% of dog owners seldom or never walk their dogs, but dogs that are walked on a regular basis show less evidence of stress and anxiety.
According to Greek folklore, if a bee lands on your head, you will be successful in all your endeavors. oes
The average American spends a total of 2.5 days every year looking for misplaced items.
Jaywalking (the idea of being fined for crossing the road at the wrong place) was invented by the motor industry in the 1920s to shift blame for accidents from motorists to pedestrians.
Holding a vibrator against a person's throat relaxes the vocal muscles, thereby improving their voice quality.
A 27-year-old man from India attempted to sue his parents for giving birth to him without his consent. He claims it is wrong to bring a child into the world because they have to put up with lifelong suffering.
Pop-up ads were created by a man named Ethan Zuckerman more than 20 years ago. In 2014, he issued an apology for creating the internet's original sin."
A woman named Glenda Blackwell once bought a scratch-off lottery ticket to show her husband that they were nothing but a waste of money. She accidentally won $1 million. EE
Despite the world's population increasing by about 200,000 people a day; humans now feel more alone than ever before.
Blotting pizza witha napkin does affect the number of calories, but only by about 35 calories a slice.
A professional who walks over hot coals and broken glass confirmed that walking over LEGO bricks is more painful. al
Eating eggs for breakfast could help you lose weight. Adding eggs to the diet help curb the intake of calories and boost metabolism, , according to a study published in the US National Library of Medicine National Institutes of Health.
2  a eaees et hse:
In January, a Florida man who was fighting with his neighbors promised to kill them with kindness. He then tried to kill them with a machete he named Kindness.
Elvis Presley's manager sold "I Hate Elvis" badges as a way to make money from people who weren't buying Elvis merchandise.
Some dolphins form boy bands to synchronize their popping calls to attract females and these "bands" can stick together for decades, according to research published in the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B.
Snails need moisture to survive; so if the weather isn't good enough, they can sleep up to three years.
1 million seconds is about 11 days. 1 billion seconds is roughly 31.5 years.
Adele runs a top-secret Twitter profile, since her management banned her from drunk-tweeting on her public one years ago.
At her request, the start of Elizabeth Taylor's funeral was delayed by 15 minutes. She wanted to be late to her own funeral.
It is estimated that avocados cause around 8,900 ER visits in the U.S. last year, according to INSIDER, based on the US Consumer Product Safety Commission's injuries report. y
More American households have pets than have children. Americans spend more money on pet food than on baby food.
By peeing in the shower, you can save about 1,157 gallons of water a year.
It's illegal to own only one guinea pig in Switzerland. Guinea pigs are social animals, and denying your pet the chance to make friends with members of its own species could be considered an act of crueltyat least in Switzerland.
In 2019, Joachim B. Olsen, a Danish politician paid for ads on Pornhub. When questioned, he said: half the internet is porn and you need to be where the voters are."
A study shows that babies smile at adults to get a smile in return, as opposed to having no goal or mutually smiling.
Buy your own modem. Internet companies will charge roughly $15-$20 a month forever to use something you can buy once for $50-$100.
Cheating on your partner is a criminal offense in Taiwan and South Korea.
A goat named Lincoln is elected as mayor of a small Vermont town. Most of the other candidates were dogs and cats; a gerbil named Crystal also was a candidate. Ro "i )
Walking through a doorway can cause memory lapses, which is why we walk into another room, only to forget why we did.
During Prohibition in the US, it was illegal to buy or sell alcohol, but it was not illegal to drink it. Some wealthy people bought out entire liquor stores before it passed to ensure they still had alcohol to drink.
The average person wastes 21.8 hours every week, according toa study by the Maui Master Mind, a business coaching firm.
Send a wedding invite to every billionaire you can find an address for, as there's a good chance their assistants just send you a gift without ever confirming who you are or if their boss knows you.
oP Bald eagles share parenting duties. The male and the female take turns incubating the eggs, and they both feed their young. They usually mate for life too.
The record for the most "fuck"s uttered in a movie belongs to Swearnet: The movie (2014). This movie contained 935 "fucks.
The length of the movie Titanic, minus the present-day scenes and the credits, is the same as the amount of time it took the actual Titanic to sink: 2 hours and 40 minutes.
Libraries in Los Angeles let anyone under 21"read away their late fee in the library. This measure has been a success, with hundreds of children coming in per week to do so. ?
In Norway, the word "Texas" is used as slang to mean crazy.
In Thailand, it is illegal to go out in public if you are not wearing underwear.
Beer and vaginas have almost the same acidity levels with an average PH of 4.5. a
An octopus actually has 6 arms and 2 legs, not 8 legs.
84 percent of vegetarians abandon their diet and go back to eating meat, according to research conducted by Faunalytics and Humane Research Council.
Even under a worst-case scenario, no Rubik's Cube is farther than 20 moves from being solved.
Sleeping under a weighted blanket can help reduce anxiety and insomnia.
Norway, the Netherlands, and Sweden all have a higher percentage of English speakers than Canada.
Howler monkeys with smaller testicles tend to scream louder to compensate for their shortcomings, according to a study published in the journal Current Biology.
Your nipples are as Unique as your fingerprints.
There's a phenomena called Math Anxiety that makes people perform worse, which leads to math avoidance, lesser knowledge and consequently more Math ( - 5
Simply sniffing your partner's clothing can reduce stress and feelings of loneliness, according to a research from the University of British Columbia.
The average person produces 14 to 23 farts every day.
Seahorses dance together for over 8 hours before mating. During the dance, they hold each other's tails, swim in unison and change color.
Multiple Star Wars' lead actors have struggled witha habit of making their own sound effects for fight scenes - to the point where multiple takes needed to be re-shot because you could see the actors making lightsaber noises.
Male barnacles have the largest penis-to- body ratio, according to National Geographic.
Tom Hanks son Colin owns a handkerchiefs business called Hanks Kerchiefs.
In 2014, Colorado replaced the "MILE 420" sign to a "MILE 419.99" sign to prevent people from stealing it.
Each candle flame contains millions of tiny diamond particles, according to a professor at St Andrews University.
In 2002, a garbage man won the lottery of 9.7 million (about US$14.4 million) spent it all on drugs, prostitutes and extravagant lifestyle. He now earns 10/hour working asa lumberjack.
Sleeping under a weighted blanket can reduce feelings of depression, anxiety, and fight insomnia. It helps people achieve a relaxed state, allowing them to sleep more deeply, according toa study published in Occupational Therapy in Mental Health.
Dog owners, and people who own both cats and dogs, tend to laugh more often than cat owners or those who have no pets, according to a study from St. Bonaventure University.
You can take ice through airport security. Fill your bottle with ice beforehand, drink the melted water at the security line, and you can keep your ice.
Two teenage girls in China were hospitalised with kidney damage after doing 1,000 squats. The duo squatted for two to three hours to see who had the best stamina, before mutually giving in.
The word 'nice' began as a negative term derived from the Latin 'nescius', meaning unaware, ignorant."
ee = If you fi find a col inyour .
In 1996, a gorilla carried a 3- year-old boy to safety after he fell into an enclosure at the Brookfield Zoo. The Gorilla, named Binti Jua, gently carried the child toa safe place to protect him from the other gorillas. The boy suffered a broken hand and cuts to his face.
The entire liver of a polar bear contains enough vitamin A to kill as many as 52 adult humans.
If a pregnant woman has organ damage, the baby in her womb will send stem cells to help repair the organ, according to a study published in the journal Circulation Research.
Britney Spears used pregnancy test was sold on eBay for $5,001.
The rarest natural hair color in the world is red, with only 1-2% of the world population having natural red hair. Second is blond, with 3%, then brown/ brunette, with 11%, and finally black with 75-85%.
con Adults who suffer from frequent nightmares are also more likely to reject rigid eee a of the world.
People who don't eat breakfast, or only did so occasionally, are twice as likely to be overweight as those who eat two breakfasts, according toa study published in Pediatric Obesity.
No children (between the age of 0 and 15) died in traffic accidents in the whole of Norway in 2019, according to the Norwegian Public Roads Administration.
"Yoshi" from Super Mario Bros is the character's nickname. His full name is T. Yoshisaur Munchakoopas, according to a 1993 Nintendo Character Guide.
Gay penguins have been known to steal eggs from straight penguin couples and raise the chicks as their own.
Although it's infrequent, some people do die of heart attacks during sex. Nearly all of those people are older married men cheating on their wives with younger women in unfamiliar places.
In the 1920s, "handcuff" was slang for an engagement ring.
Hans Jorgen Olsen, a 12-year-old Norwegian boy saved himself and his sister from a moose attack using skills learnt in World of Warcraft. When the moose attacked them, the first thing he did was to taunt and provoke the animal so that it would leave his sister alone and she could run to safety. Once he was a target, he feigned death - a skill he had picked up at level 30 in the game.
The bible has been translated into over 3000 languages, among these are the fictional languages: Elvish, Klingon and Navi.
In Japan, three quarters of men give all their money to their wives and get a monthly allowance.
64% of Americans prefer the company of their cat over their significant other.
Black Panther is the first superhero movie to earn an Oscars Best Picture Nomination.
About 16.4 million American adults believe chocolate milk comes from brown cows, according to a survey commissioned by the Innovation Center of U.S. Dairy. hee
Chrome and Firefox users are better employees and they end up staying at their jobs about 15 percent longer than those who stuck with default browsers like Safari and Internet Explorer, according to a study by Cornerstone OnDemand. 2
If someone starts blinking a lot while you're talking to them, they may have stopped paying attention. Blinking creates a barrier against the outside world and allows your brain to focus on something else.
Children get more satisfaction from pets than from brothers and sisters. Children with dogs had lower levels of conflict and greater satisfaction, according to a research from University of Cambridge. >
People who masturbate regularly are more likely to be managers at work, according to a 2019 survey by Univia. dg ee e858
Non-English languages are so common that 54% of people in the LA metro area don't speak English at home. (That doesn't necessarily mean that they don't also speak English.)
46% of couples engage in "Netflix cheating," watching Netflix shows without their partner, even when they've agreed to watch it together, according to a survey.
44% of dog owners would rather turn to their dog for emotional support than talk about their feelings with a family member, according to a 2019 study conducted by Wag.
The prop department engraved "Bad Motherfucker on the lightsaber Samuel L. Jackson used in Star Wars
When a pope dies, it's tradition to strike him on the head three times with a silver hammer to ensure he's really dead.
Octopuses eat their arms when they get too bored. The behavior is known as autophagy; it's less likely to occur if they're living in tanks filled with interesting decor like shells and flowerpots.
McDonald's fries were cooked in beef fat until 1990. But when they switched to vegetable oil, the fries were no longer as tasty. The solution was to add natural beef flavor to the spuds.
When a person lies, their amygdala creates a negative feeling that curbs the actbut the more a person lies, the more the response fades.
Female kangaroos have three vaginas; two of them carry the sperm of the male's two-pronged penis, while the third facilitates birth.
Americans spend $1.9 billion on Easter candy. That's the second biggest candy holiday after Halloween.
In Spiderman: Into the Spiderverse, certain scenes such as the forest swinging scene, Miles was animated at 12 frames a second while Peter was animated at 24 frames a second, making Miles look less smooth. This was done to show Miles' inexperience at being Spiderman compared to Peter. | x
1in 5 men would give up sex for a year to get a "perfect beard, according to a study by OnePoll on behalf of Honest Amish.
Alan Rickman was originally chosen to voice Lord Farquaad in 'Shrek, but he chose instead to play Severus Snape in the Harry Potter franchise.
In Japan, it is considered good manners to slurp, smack, chew, and burp while eating. The louder, the better. _?
Relationships are stronger and more satisfying when they make you feel like the best version of yourself, not your most authentic self.
The Y.M.C.A. sued the Village People over their "Y.M.C.A." song for trademark infringement but the two sides settled out of court. The Y.M.C.A. later expressed pride towards the band and said that they celebrated the song.
Sweden has a hotel where you can leave your sourdough bread starters to be looked after while you're on holiday.
The best place in the house to have sex is not the bedroom, but the kitchen, according to a sex expert doctor. She said the kitchen provides the opportunity to use calorie- burning sex moves and it can spice up couples' sex lives.
Humanity put men on the moon before putting wheels on luggage. The first man landed on the moon in 1969 while the first patent for wheels on luggage was applied in 1970 and granted in 1972.
An episode of Peppa Pig was banned in Australia because it told kids "spiders can't hurt you." fl
Studies show that people who eat eggs for breakfast are likely to consume fewer calories during other meals.
Blue whales are the largest animals ever known to have lived on Earth. Their tongues alone can weigh as much as an elephant.
Competitive grave digging is a real thing in Europe, and contestants are judged based on accuracy, speed, and aesthetic quality.
Russia is 116 times the size of Bangladesh. And yet, there are 19 million more people in Bangladesh than in Russia.
According to a study, a 10-cent pill doesn't kill pain as well as a $2.50 pill, even when they are identical placebos.
The word burrito means little donkey" in Spanish. The name derives from the tendency for burritos to contain a lot of different things similar to how a donkey would be able to carry a lot.
Tabasco Sauce is fermented for three years in white oak barrels (aging barrels previously used for Jack Daniel's Whiskey) before bottling. fn
Alpacas can die of loneliness, which is why they're bought in pairs. yr
Tiffany was a common name in the 12th century (short for Theophania). It sounds too modern so authors and historians tend to avoid it. This is known as the "Tiffany Problem."
The popular Victoria's Secret perfume, Bombshell, can actually repel mosquitoes effectively for up to 2 hours, according to a study published in the Journal of Insect Science.
ioe higher. grades.
Indiana police allow people to pay parking tickets by donating cat food to shelter. es
Chris Hemsworth almost quit acting before landing the role of Thor. He intended to use his acting career to pay off his parents house, but he found that work was in short supply. Ultimately, it was his parents house that motivated him to keep going. < |
The Lord of the Rings trilogy received in total 475 film awards out of 800 nominations, making it the most awarded film series in cinematic history.
There used to be an energy drink called "RadiThor, which contained radiation. It was in the US market for a decade from 1918-1928.
If an ad asks you your age, answer below 13. Most ads won't play or ask you again.
Inventor of the floppy disk believed lack of oxygen helped him think and nearly drowned himself coming up with ideas. ~~
The average British person will lose 384 pens, 192 items of clothing and 64 umbrellas during their lifetime, according to research by My Nametags.
An MRI scan of a dog's brain found that dogs see their owners as family and prioritize the smell of humans over everything else. = 4
Brain scans found that women are more responsive to romance after they've been fed - Food is the way to a woman's heart, as well.
Residents in Surabaya, Indonesia can pay for the bus with plastic waste. Paying with plastic will grant you with 2 hours of travel. The aim is to reduce plastic waste whilst getting more people to use public transport, thus lowering the number of cars on the road. Aa {=
Female fish will fake orgasms to trick males into thinking they've successfully mated. Then the females will swim off to find a better partner.
Napping at work is viewed favorably in Japan; it is considered a sign that you are working so hard that you have exhausted yourself.
A study finds that we are more sympathetic to abused dogs than humans.
If a friendship lasts longer than 7 years, psychologists say it will last for a lifetime. t
In 2008, a bear was sued for stealing a Macedonian beekeeper's honey. The bear was found guilty, and the beekeeper received 2,238 euros from the state for the damages.
Coffee can lower your risk of tooth decay.
Male squirrels masturbate after mating in order to clean their genitals inside and out, thus reducing their chance of catching sexually transmitted infections.
Ingesting human flesh was common in Europe during the 16th and 17th century as a form of medicine.
The Netherlands has so few prisoners to fill its prisons that it rents spaces out to Belgium and Norway.
According to a study, wealthy individuals are more likely to believe that greed is justified, beneficial, and morally defensible. yy
The standard font for film scriptwriting is 12 pt "Courier" because it's a fixed- width (monospaced) font meaning letters have equal spaces between them, so 55 lines on a page equal about a minute of screen time.
Injuries that happen on Friday the 13th are 52% more likely to result in a hospital visit than injuries from Friday of the previous week.
Bananas are curved because they grow towards the sun. They go through a process called negative geotropism." Instead of growing towards the ground, they start growing towards the sun.
Telling yourself "I can do better" is actually one of the best ways to make yourself do better ata given task.
On June 16 2019, 2 million citizens in Hong Kong showed up to the march against the Extradition Bill. That's more than 1/4 of the city population.
Koala fingerprints are almost indistinguishable from human fingerprints. A forensic scientist at the University of Adelaide suggested that koalas were unlikely to be at the scenes of crimes, but police should be aware of the possibility.
When humans forbid dogs to eat foods, dogs are 4 times more likely to steal the food in the dark, when they think humans can't spot them, according to a study conducted by University of Portsmouth's Department of Psychology.
Brad Pitt was given a cup of coffee as payment for his cameo in Deadpool 2. Ryan Reynolds thought the most wasteful way to use one of the biggest movie stars in the world was to make him invisible and worthless throughout the movie.
If someone you see appears to be feeling suicidal, don't just offer an open ear, start talking to them. No one wants to be a burden nor do they want a stranger's pity.
Mexico is one of several countries that can make nuclear weapons but chooses not to do so.
Some people are "genetically wired" to avoid vegetables. People who inherit two copies of a variant of the gene TAS2R38, called AVI, are not sensitive to bitter tastes from certain chemicals. Those with one copy of AVI and another called PAV perceive bitter tastes of these chemicals, but not to such an extreme degree as individuals with two copies of PAV, often called "super-tasters, who find the same foods exceptionally bitter. ; a La iy i
Dining with an overweight person causes you to eat more.
oP There's a phrase for the water that splashes up from the toilet when your poop drops into the water, it's called Poseidon's Kiss."
Bats eat so many insects, they save U.S. farmers an estimated $3.7 billion a year on pesticides, according to a study published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The battle of Winterfell in S8E3 of 'Game of Thrones took 55 days to film and had 750 people on scene. It is the longest GOT episode ever (82 mins).
The more features your phone has, the more time you tend to spend on the toilet.
An Alabama man spent a year losing 70 Ibs. to get healthy enough for surgery, so he could donate his kidney to his wife and save her life.
The first message ever sent over the internet was lo in 1969. UCLA student Charley Kline intended to transmit the word "login," but the system crashed just after they had sent the first two letters.
A moment (momentum) was a medieval unit of time, which equals to 90 seconds.
There is an estimated $60 billion in sunken treasure sitting at the bottom of the world's oceans.
Being a cat lady is actually good for your health. Living with cute kittens can reduce the risk of cardiovascular diseases, according to a study in the Journal of Vascular and Interventional Nuerology.
Cats can drink seawater without becoming dehydrated because their kidneys are efficient enough to filter out the salt. aA Pe
In 1990, a pilot was partially sucked out of his plane when the windscreen failed. The cabin crew couldn't pull him back in so he dangled outside the plane for 20 minutes until the co-pilot landed the plane. The pilot made a full recovery.
According to data science and each characters stats, the best Mario Kart character to play with is either Wario or Donkey Kong.
Although humans account for only 0.01% of life on Earth, we're responsible for destroying 83% of wild mammals and 50% of all plant life.
Cheese triggers the same parts of the brain as hard drugs, according to a study published in the Public Library of Science One journal.
Cats that have saggy stomachs aren't just fat. It's called a "primordial pouch." It helps protect them during fights, as well as helps them move more easily while running and jumping.
Many men who climb Mt. Everest get boners in the process due to the change in altitude, causing more blood to flow into the penis.
On April Fool's Day, 1976, the BBC convinced many listeners that a special alignment of the planets would temporarily decrease gravity on Earth. Phone lines were flooded with callers who claimed they felt the effects.
Bathroom hand dryer sucks fecal bacteria out of the air, then sprays it directly onto your hand, according to research published in the Journal Applied and Environmental Microbiology.
If the movie Finding Nemo were scientifically accurate, Nemo's dad would have become female after Nemo's mom died. Then he would have mated with his son. s . x , a
Heavy metal music attracts sharks. The low, rumbling frequencies of the music mimic the sounds of struggling fish.
A study finds that making fun at your other half makes your relationship stronger. And it's the inside jokes between couples which cement a bond.
Female stingrays can store a male's sperm for years and use it to become pregnant whenever they want.
In 2015, when a random raccoon died in Toronto, people started paying their respects to it and build a small memorial with flowers and candles, even a picture, until the city took away the raccoon corpse.
McDonald's used to have a mascot named Captain Crook who stole Filet-O-Fish sandwiches, as opposed to the Hamburglar's hamburger thievery.
A new version of Avengers: Endgame will be re-released in theaters next weekend in effort to beat Avatar's all- time box office record.
A toddler's adult teeth are right below their eyes.
Morning people tend to be persistent, satisfied with life, and more resistant to frustration - "Night-owls" are more likely to explore the unknown & be impulsive.
Reading a book before bedtime can improve a child's brain function, imagination, and make a child more empathetic. A <
There are only 3 countries in the whole world who haven't adopted the Metric System for weights and measurements - Myanmar, Liberia and the US.
16% of Italians are allergic to tomatoes, according to research by Technical University of Munich.
You can have your ashes turned into a playable vinyl record. The service is provided by a company called 'And Vinyly' and it costs around $4,000, which gets you 30 copies of the record, all of which contain the ashes.
The letter Q is not in any of the US state names.
Finland has planted 150 million trees per year for decades. For a small nation of 5% million people that means 27 trees per person. If the entire European Union were to do the same, there would be nearly 14 billion trees planted every year in the EU.
Walt Disney World once had an airport with grooves along the runway that played When You Wish Upon a Star" when a plane ran them over.
Men initiate sex more than 3 times as often as women in long-term, heterosexual relationships, according to a 2019 study. However, when women initiate more often, the couple has sex more often; implying it's the female who sets the limits.
The average office employee who works an 8 hour day is productive for just 2 hours and 53 minutes, according to a UK study. Z
The fast-food chain that has the most locations around the world is Subway. The sandwich franchise operated 42,998 stores around the globe in 2019, according to Statista.
Testicles have taste receptors that can detect sweet and umami flavours (the amino acid for soy sauce), according to a paper published in the journal Proceedings of The National Academy of Sciences.
Ice cream really does significantly reduce emotional pain when consumed, according to researchers from the University of Wurzburg.
The feeling that your phone is ringing or vibrating in your pocket when it isn't is called Phantom Vibration Syndrome." In a study, 89% of the participants experienced these phantom vibrations at least once every two weeks.
There's an estimated 10 quintillion (10,000,000,000,000,000,000) individual insects alive at any time, according to the Smithsonian Institute.
Kids are more likely to be honest when they know it will please their parents, even if their parents still punish them.
People who receive frequent hugs get sick less often and recover more easily than those who do not hug often.
Research has found that couples who are in love synchronize their heart rates by just staring at one another for 3 minutes. APP
"LOL" was written to mean lots of love in letters before the days of the internet.
In 2014, a man from Arizona stole a diamond that was worth $160,000 and traded it for $20 worth of weed. >
You don't gain and lose fat as your weight fluctuates, your fat cells just get bigger or smaller. A
We enjoy spicy foods, roller coasters, and depressing music due to something called "benign masochism." We feel a sense of pleasure from initially negative experiences that our brain falsely interprets as threatening.
Attending Harvard is free if your household income is below 65K a year. Harvard's financial aid programs pay 100 per cent of tuition, fees, room, and board for students from families earning less than $65,000 a year.
If you hold in too many farts, the gas can be reabsorbed and then exhaled through your breath, according toa professor at the University of Newcastle.
The technical term for a hashtag is octothorp," according to the Oxford English Dictionary.
When there are only two options, people may have trouble making a choice. An unattractive third option, a "decoy", can change the perceived preference between the other two. It's called the decoy effect. Companies take advantage of this effect to sell their products by cleverly pricing its products.
Certain ant species commit suicide to protect their territory. As stinging wasn't effective against some predators, they evolved the ability to self- sacrifice to kill one or more enemies. They wrap themselves around an opponent & explodes, releasing sticky corrosive material killing both.
Part of the reason we sigh is to inflate the alveoli - the tiny sacs in the lungs where oxygen enters and carbon dioxide leaves the bloodstream. If we did not sigh, the aveoli would eventually collapse causing lung failure. The average person sighs every five minutes, amounting to 12 sighs per hour.
In the 1980s in New York, you're 100 times more likely to get bitten by a human than a shark, according to the international shark attack file.
"Reverse cowgirl" is the position responsible for most cases of penile fracture, according to a study published in Advances in Urology.
Washing dishes can significantly lower your stress level, if you do it mindfully, according to researchers at Florida State University.
Scientists have developed a method of erasing emotional memories (e.g. break-up) by administering a series of mild electric shocks to the person.
Dothraki and Valyrian was developed for Game of Thrones by linguist, David J. Peterson. They have been described as "the most convincing fictional tongues since Elvish".
The most popular prison currency is no longer cigarettes. Now, it's ramen noodles.
Some office buildings set their thermostats using a formula based on the metabolic rate of a 40- year-old man, which is why women are always cold.
Blue whales have the largest penis of any animal, according to National Geographic.
The word bitch was first used in reference toa manina poem from around 1500.
White Americans who watched 6 episodes of a sitcom about a Muslim family gained more positive attitudes towards Arabs.
Watching horror movies can help you lose weight. The adrenaline causes your body to burn calories, according to a study by researchers at the University of Westminster.
A majority of U.S. dog owners are willing to end a relationship if their dog doesn't like their partner, according to a research by Wag and OnePoll.
CC in e-mail means carbon copy, which referred to a sheet of carbon paper placed between two or more sheets of paper. The pressure applied by the writing to the top sheet causes pigment from the carbon paper to reproduce the similar mark on the copy sheets. 4
The more money a couple spends on their wedding and engagement rings, the more likely they are to get divorced. a
Here are some variants of "when pigs fly" in other languages: Chinese: "when the sun rises in the West Hungarian: "when it snows red snowflakes Turkish: "when the fish climbs the poplar Russian: "when the crayfish whistles"
Japan is so successful at returning lost property that 130,000 mobile phones (83% of those reported missing) were returned to their owners in 2018.
Writing a to-do list for the following day can help you get a better night's sleep, according to a Baylor University study.
A flight-rated NASA space suit costs roughly $12,000,000 USD.
Bees can't see red. What we perceive as the color red is seen as black by bees. However, they can see ultraviolet. UV allows them to see vein-like patterns ina flower, like a map which allows them to locate the nectar treasure.
People born in January get far fewer birthday presents than everyone else, according to financial comparison site money.co.uk.
Men will wait an average of 11.25 days to hear back from a love interest before calling it quits, while women will wait 7 days.
Inserting a swear- word in the middle of another word, such as "abso-fucking- lutely" is called an expletive infixation.
Cats that don't bury their poop are telling you they're in charge. Dominant felines leave their poo uncovered to claim authority, while others will bury theirs to avoid challenges.
Oreo, the real-life model for Rocket Raccoon In Guardians of the Galaxy' has passed away yesterday (Feb 7th). The average lifespan of a raccoon in the wild is around 2.5 years. Oreo was 10 when he died.
In order to arrest two Russian hackers, the FBI created a fake startup company called Invita, and invited them to the U.S. for a job interview". The two men accepted and were arrested.
It is suggested that humans can only cope with a maximum of five close friends. Our brains may limit the number of people who can play a meaningful role in our lives, according to research by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Employers put "entry level" in job titles to trick applicants into accepting less pay. If the job requires you to have significant experience, demand more than starting pay.
Hugh Jackman agreed to make a cameo in 'X-Men First Class' on two conditions. FOX had to make a charitable contribution to his children's school and he wanted to be the only one to curse at the main characters. The studio agreed to both terms.
Bees can produce coloured honey. Beekeepers in northeastern France noticed that their bees were producing honey in unnatural shades of green and blue. The reason turned out to be that the bees had been eating remnants of M&M candy shells from a nearby factory.
The king of hearts is the only king without a moustache on a standard playing card.
Humans have more empathy for dogs than they do for other humans. /
People who use more emojis have more sex and are more successful in dating, according to studies conducted by researchers at the Kinsey Institute.
Super Mario is named after real- life businessman Mario Segale, who was renting out a warehouse to Nintendo. After Nintendo fell far behind on rent, Segale did not evict them but gave them a second chance to come up with the money. Nintendo succeeded and named their main character after him.
In Texas, the law states that any two individuals who feel the need to fight can consent to mutual combat through a signed or even implied agreement, but they can only use their fists.
Winnie-the-Pooh's real name is Edward Bear. =e
Ben, from Ben & Jerry's ice cream, has no sense of smell and gets his "food enjoyment" from texture. This is why the brand puts chunky ingredients in its ice cream. ab
No research has ever found a direct connection between people playing violent video games and mass shootings.
The average British adult spends 1.5 hours a week exercising. However, they spend about 3 hours and 9 minutes a week on the toilet, according to the British non- profit UKActive.
Plants don't die from cancer because, unlike animal cells, almost all plant cells can create new cells of whatever kind the plant needs; they can replace cells and tissues more quickly.
The US had to abandon construction of a border fort in New York State after realising that they had accidentally built it on the Canadian side of the border. It was promptly nicknamed "Fort Blunder".
Laziness is contagious, according to researchers from the French National Institute of Health and Medical Research.
The feeling that you've experienced an event in real life before is called dja vu. If you feel like you've experienced it ina dream, that's called dja rv.
Russia spans 11 time zones. At one end of Russia it could be 8 in the morning and at the other it's 7 in the evening.
A woman uses about 20,000 words per day while a man uses about 7,000, according to Louann Brizendine, the author of the book The Female Brain.
Blood shares many of the same culinary properties as egg whites and can be used to make a meringue, according to research done by the Nordic Food Lab.
Caffeinated bees are busier but not more productive, according to a study by a Newcastle University professor.
A study from the University of South Florida College of Medicine shows that cats can understand human commands but don't care to follow them.
Death from laughter is a rare form of death, usually resulting from cardiac arrest or asphyxiation, caused by a fit of laughter. Greek Stoic philosopher Chrysippus allegedly died of laughter when he was watching a donkey eat some figs.
lron Man was created by Stan Lee asa challenge to create a hero with a personality no one should like and force people to like him.
Offer your seat while still sitting in it, people are much likely to not accept, you get to keep your seat and you are seen as a polite person. af
10 minutes of shivering in the cold burns more fat than an hour of moderate exercise and can help you lose weight, according to scientists from the Garvan Institute of Medical Research.
If you can't get a song out of your head, try to focus on the last lyrics of the song. According to the Zeigarnik effect, people remember uncompleted or interrupted tasks better than completed tasks.
If you laugh for an hour, you can burn as many calories as weightlifting for 30 minutes.
The only product ever promoted by Elvis Presley ina TV commercial was donuts.
Short men are angrier and more violent than tall men. Men who considered themselves less masculine are more at risk of committing violent or criminal acts, according to the Center for Disease Control in Atlanta.
LP Joker receives 11 nominations at the 2020 Oscars, making it the most nominated comic-book movie in Oscar history.
Drinking alcohol helps stave off radioactive poisoning  The survivors of the Chernobyl disaster were drunk at the time.
Diamonds were not popular as engagementrings until 1938, De Beers launched an ad campaign with the slogan A Diamond Is Forever, persuading women that the rocks were synonymous with unbreakable romance.
Drinking alcohol is more important than exercise to living past 90, according to researchers at the Clinic for Aging Research and Education. - s
Almost 1 in 4 people with tattoos regret it, meaning about 7.5 million Americans.
More legal marijuana was sold last year than Pringles, Oreos, and Dasani combined. T Win
The ocean is blue because it absorbs red wavelengths quickly, while blue wavelengths get scattered and re- emitted from the ocean.
The phrase I don't give a fuck" originated in 1790.
10,000 years ago Lions were the second most widespread land mammal, after humans. They existed across Africa, Eurasia and America.
Charles Darwin married his first cousin and had 10 children. 3 died before age 10 and 3 were infertile. He was the first to raise the question if incest may cause weaknesses in offspring after studying inbred plants in his garden.
In Turkey, a suicidal teacher hired a hitman to kill her but he fell in love with her instead. He attempted to make her change her mind but ended up killing her eventually.
Australia will no longer have winter by 2050, according to researchers from the Australian National University.
Clean your house/ apartment before going on vacation- it's nice to come back to a clean place.
Chocolate contains phenylethylamine (PEA), the same chemical released in your brain when you fall in love. ws
According to Alastair, if you are born over the United States, even in a foreign plane with foreign parents, you can still claim U.S. citizenship. :
The staff of the 911 Memorial place white roses on the names of any victims who would be celebrating a birthday each day.
Before the Pregnancy Discrimination Act of 1978, women could be fired if they were pregnant in the U.S. Zi
Having a sister can boost your mental health and self-esteem, according to researchers from Brigham Young University. The same study also found having a sister can help you become a more giving and kinder person.
The average male spends nearly 43 minutes a day staring at ten different women.
Mariah Carey's All | Want for Christmas is You is voted as the most annoying Christmas song ever, according to a recent UK poll.
A German court has ruled that hangovers are an illness, in a case against the maker of an anti- hangover drink. The ruling comes just days after the annual Oktoberfest beer festival kicked off in Munich. yl
Doctor's sloppy handwriting kills more than 7,000 people annually in the US, according to a report from the National Academies of Science's Institute of Medicine (IOM).
You guys originated as a term to describe low class rogues and villains. This came from the traditional burning of guys on Guy Fawkes night. ,
A new type of hallucination has been identified by a team at the University of Derby: an inverted hallucination is one where you can't see something that is really there.
In Tennessee, it is illegal to share your Netflix password with someone else.
Stubborn people are more likely to live longer, according to researchers from the UC San Diego School of Medicine.
In 2015, a cat saved the life of a baby abandoned in the streets of Russia by covering him and keeping him warm and meowed loudly to get the attention of a passerby.
Only 20% of children across the US learn a foreign language relative to 92% of children across Europe, according to a study by Pew Research Center. py
British spies used semen as invisible ink during WWI. This method was invented by Captain Sir Mansfield Cumming.
oP The human eye has a resolution of about 576 megapixels. By comparison, a 4K screen has about 8.5 megapixels.
Today, 75 percent of the world's food is generated from only 12 plants and five animal species.
The US may have adopted the metric system if pirates hadn't kidnapped the French scientist sent to help Thomas Jefferson persuade Congress to adopt the system.
The average American adult hasn't made a new friend in the last five years, according to a 2019 survey.
A team of archaeologists has discovered 3,200-year- old cheese after analyzing artifacts found in an ancient Egyptian tomb. It could be the oldest known cheese sample in the world.
The anus is the first thing a fetus forms in the womb.
There are 101 people in the U.S. who owe at least $1 million in student loans.
40% of Guinness consumed worldwide is being drunk in Africa, and Nigeria overtook Ireland in terms of enjoying this alcoholic beverage.
If you're too drunk or violent in Japan, the police get a large futon and roll you into a small burrito. Then they carry you away.
The less control parents feel over their kid's behavior, the more lik they are to use mobil devices to calm ter kids. ee
Mark Zuckerberg's home has an Al assistant named Jarvis. It's voiced by Morgan Freeman.
A UK survey found that couples who sleep naked together are more likely to be happy with their relationship than couples who sleep clothed. hs
A gang of mobsters in NYC started a pizzeria called Ray's in 1959 asa front for their drug dealing. Eventually, Ray's pizza became almost as profitable as their drug dealing. A
Movie trailers were originally shown after the movie, which is why they were called "trailers." The problem with the trailers showing after the film was that audience wouldn't stay around to watch them, making the trailers rather ineffective.
Q People who are more comfortable with sexual communication are happier with their sex lives.
More couples separate or divorce in January than in any other month. APP
In 1907, French waiters went on strike for the right to have mustaches. In France, prior to 1907, mustaches were a symbol of class and stature, while waiters were seen as lower class and thus - not mustache-worthy.
The inventor of the USB had originally intended for it to be flippable, however, that idea was scrapped due to the extra cost.
Researchers once taught monkeys the concept of money and how it was used during an experiment. The monkeys began robbing each other and used the money to pay for sex.
The more expensive your wedding is, the shorter your marriage is likely to last.
There's a word for the fear of long words, it's hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia.
While playing fetch with dogs, if you throw a ball into the ocean, they'll run along the shore before jumping in to get it; minimizing retrieval time since they're faster on land. You can use calculus to find the optimal jumping point... dogs manage to find it instinctively.
George Lucas' wife, Marcia Lucas, won an Oscar in 1978 for Best Film Editing in Star Wars.
Some casino chips contain RFID chips which can be deactivated and made worthless if stolen.
Women who use make-up on a daily basis can absorb almost 5 pounds of chemicals into their bodies each year.
Mosquitoes are the only creatures responsible for the deaths of more humans than humans themselves.
During World War I, a series of wolf attacks made Russian and German soldiers team up to fight wolves. After seeing wolves attack wounded soldiers and children, the commanders on both sides signed a temporary armistice and killed hundreds of wolves. They then resumed fighting each other.
During the late 90s, Yale University had a club dedicated to watching porn and eating fried chicken called Porn 'N Chicken."
Contrary to popular belief, raindrops are not tear-shaped and are actually shaped like the top of a hamburger bun, round on the top and flat on the bottom, according to NASA.
There are two different types of alcohol-induced blackouts: en-bloc and fragmentary episode. An en- bloc blackout is when people forget everything they did during the time of alcohol consumption. A fragmentary blackout is not as serious as an en-bloc; while people can still forget events, they do usually retain some memory. a  eee FE
In 2013, a man in China hired virtual "assassins" to hunt down his son in online video games and kill off his avatar so that the 23-year- old unemployed son would start looking for a job and get a life. La
Owls don't have eyeballs. Rather, they're more like eye tubes. They're elongated and held in place by sclerotic rings," a bony structure in the skull. Because of this, owls can't really move or roll their eyes.
Flamingo milk is red in color due to the pigment canthaxanthin. Chicks store this pigment in the liver, to be deposited in their adult feathers when they grow.
Bubble wrap was originally sold as wallpaper.
LP Back in 2009, actor Robert Pattinson dealt with an obsessed fan who had been camping outside his apartment by taking her out on a dinner date. He said he just complained about everything in his life and she never came back. 4 y
The male giraffe determines a female's fertility by tasting her urine. If it passes the test, the courtship continues.
There are almost no mosquitoes in Disney World (Florida) even though it is in a swampy territory abundant with bugs. Disney has a comprehensive "Mosquito Surveillance Programme" to eliminate them quickly. It involves insecticides, growth regulators, and mosquito traps that release carbon dioxide.
Cats have kidneys that are so efficient; they can rehydrate by drinking seawater.
The Soviet Union lasted for 69 years.
According to figures collected by a screen lock app, the average user actually checks their phone around 110 times day. a a
ee eso co ele = _ inside and punch the cold 9 when he ced it a tetas other oo The zoo poner Sees,
Parents of new babies miss out on about 6 months worth of sleep during the first two years of their child's life.
McDonald's once attempted to create broccoli that tasted like bubble gum.
30 years ago, you had about about 17 minutes to escape a house fire. Today, it's down to 3-4 minutes because homes burn faster. as amy
The answer to the age old quest is the glass half full or half empty? is simply depending on the action that it takes to get the glass in that state. For example, if the glass is filled and you pour out half of it, it's half empty. But if the glass is empty and you pour it half full, it's half full.
Children who play an instrument or take music classes can develop better visual abilities and form a higher verbal IQ in almost every area - even in classes and activities that are not related to music.
There is a museum dedicated to poop in South Korea. It's called "Poopoo Land."
In the U.S., a check can be written on anything (including clothing) as long as it contains the proper information and can be legally cashed. They do not have to be written on bank-issued notes.
Orcas share some human social characteristics. At Loro Parque zoo in Spain, two orcas were captured touching lips and gently biting tongues in a believed display of reconciliation.
LP Matt Groening named his show 'The Simpsons' because he thought it was funny to have the word "simp" (short for simpleton") in their name.
Americans think about sex 8 times a day on average, according to a 2019 study by OnePoll and Pure Romance.
Donelan Andrews, a Georgia teacher who bought a $400 travel insurance policy was rewarded $10,000 because she read the fine print of the contract. After reading to page 7, she saw a Pays to Read bit that said the first to email and mention the fine print contest would win 10K.
A survey of 17,000 people across 28 countries found that boyfriends do more housework than husbands. The amount of time a man spends doing chores ona weekly basis decreases significantly after marriage.
Pus is a buildup of white blood cells that died while fighting an infection. When the buildup is on or near the surface of the skin, it is called a pustule or pimple.
A word that contains a synonym inside it is called a kangaroo word." For example, MAscuLinE, BLOssOM, cHickEN, and hoNOuraB LE. te
Vladimir Putin's computer is still running Windows XP.
Sleeping on your left side has the most health benefits. It aids digestion, reduces heartburn, boosts brain health and reduces snoring and sleep apnea.
A cat in Canada saved its family from a house fire by biting the arm of the mother who was sleeping to warn her. She then gathered the family and they escaped the burning house without any injuries.
in years age od rar at first birth is years pectcion a  :
A woman named Angela adopted a cat and named her Missy. Missy pawed at Angela's chest and Angela felt that was not right and went to the doctor only to reveal that Angela had cancer. Two years later, Missy pawed Angela's chest again and tests revealed cancer again.
During the Cold War, the United States military misplaced at least eight nuclear weapons permanently.
Joker director Todd Phillips reveals that Joaquin Phoenix improvised the bathroom dance scene. In the original script, Arthur was to come into the bathroom, hide his gun, wash off his makeup, staring at himself inthe mirrorand _ saying, "What have | done?"
Sharks have been around longer than trees. The earliest tree lived around 350 million years ago; sharks have been around for 400 million years.
A Japanese woman was having a laser surgery on her cervix when she farted, igniting the laser and setting herself on fire. a
Being in an anxious, stressful situation makes people clean obsessively, according toa study in the journal Current Biology. And when facing anxiety-inducing tasks, people tend to be more repetitive in the way they clean.
Humans don't get goosebumps ontheir faces because the muscle in the facial hair follicle has evolved to help make facial expressions instead.
A man who sells ice cream from a van charges Instagram influencers double because they keep asking for free ice cream in exchange for exposure.
oP In 2016, a pig named Lulu saved her owner's life while the woman was having a heart attack. The pig heard the cries of pain, forced her way out of the yard, ran into the road and played dead to stop the traffic. A driver stopped and Lulu led him to the trailer.
If consumed in its entirety, the average human body would yield 125,822 calories.
In 2017, a woman named Tanja Schenker founded a sustainable and vegan label that makes handbag from apples. The outcome is a material in between leather and faux leather.
Kids in the US and UK would rather be YouTubers or vloggers than astronauts, according to a survey conducted by Harris Poll. Meanwhile, 56% of Chinese kids participating in the poll said they wanted to be an astronaut.
When it gets too hot in Australia, the nectar in certain flowers will ferment and turn into alcohol. The bees that get "drunk" from the nectar aren't allowed back into the hive until they sober up. . je Lt
Broccoli is a man-made food. Humans began selectively breeding wild cabbage plants around the 6th century BC, and broccoli is the result.
A German shepherd named Talero stayed next to the body of his owner for 23 days, after he had died in a snow storm. The dog prevented animals from attacking the body, and tried to keep his owner warm by sleeping by his side.
Boomers are more hypersensitive than millennials, according to a study published in the journal Psychology and Aging.
Cats spend so much of their time sleeping that by the age of 9, they will have only been awake for 3 years.
The production of Disney's film Tangled was more expensive than Avatar's production.
CD Projekt has offered the guy who shouted "you're breathtaking" at Keanu Reeves at E3 (Electronic Entertainment Expo) a free copy of Cyberpunk 2077.
ISIS fighters aren't getting a salary or perks anymore, due to American airstrikes on the group's oil depots, refineries, and cash vaults. 4 a a
Your brain can't actually feel pain because it doesn't have pain receptors. A headache is caused by receptors in the protective tissue that surrounds your brain.
In 2013, Subway was sued for selling 11-inch Footlongs. In the settlement they agreed to pay $525,000 in attorney fees and required their restaurants to now measure bread, so that Footlong and 6-inch sandwiches will indeed be at least 12 inches and 6 inches, respectively.
Nearly half of all airline pilots admit to falling asleep during a flight. 29% of them said they woke up and saw the other pilot asleep as well, according to a survey by pilots union Balpa.
In 2015, after a woman murdered her husband and attempted suicide, their pet parrot who was the sole witness began repeating what's thought to have been their last conversation, including the words: "Don't shoot!"
In 2009, a woman was arrested for eating fried chicken with a fork, which is a crime in Gainesville according to an ordinance passed in 1961.
In 1905, Popsicle was invented by an 11-year-old boy purely by accident. The kid, Frank Epperson, mixed some sugary soda powder with water and left it out overnight. It was a cold night, and the mixture froze. In the morning, he devoured the icy concoction, licking it off the wooden stirrer.
In 'Thor: Ragnarok, the idea of the memorable line "He's a friend from work!", which was delivered by Thor in reference to his reunion with the Hulk in the Grandmaster's stadium, was given by a young fan.
If a company hires you on with a certain title, but doesn't give you work related to it, get out fast. Don't let them derail your entire career path.
If someone is acting out or crazy some day, don't ask why they are acting weird. Let them know that they seem happy today, because that is usually the reason why.
Music helps reawaken Alzheimer's patients by evoking their emotions, which bring back memories and the feeling of life, according to neurologist Dr. Oliver Sacks.
The Notre Dame Cathedral is the most popular monument in Paris and in all of France, beating even the Eiffel Tower.
Chris Hemsworth reveals that he was almost cast as Gambit in 'X-Men Origins: Wolverine and says if he took the role, he would've never become Thor in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
The word for "bread" in many languages is just "dead" but starts with "br" instead: English: Dead -> Bread German: Tot -> Brot Swedish: Dd -> Brod Danish: Ded -> Brod Dutch: Dood -> Brood A
When dealing with insomnia, you're more likely to fall asleep if you have positive sleep thoughts, like "I'll fall asleep eventually."
Schools of Clownfish have a hierarchy with a female at the top. When the top female dies, the most dominant male changes sex and takes her place.
"Z' may be the last letter in alphabetical order, but the last letter added to the English alphabet was actually J.
According to a study from the University of Guelph, 35 percent of pet owners want to turn their pets vegan. And 27 percent of the vegan respondent are already feeding their pets plant-based diets.
If you're an adult in America, there's a 50% chance that a photo of your face is in at least one database used in police facial-recognition systems.
Diamonds are actually flammable, even though they are the hardest substance known to man.
Close to 40% of people are good at one type of self-control (like saving money) but bad at another (like eating healthy).
Researchers have engineered dengue- resistant mosquitoes that may reduce the transmission of the disease if introduced into wild populations.
Some psychologists state that sleeping naked can help boost a person's confidence.
The funeral escort of Genghis Khan killed anyone that crossed their path to conceal where he was finally buried. After the tomb was completed, the slaves who built it were massacred, then the soldiers who killed them were also killed. d a -
In 1719, prisoners in Paris were offered freedom at the condition they would marry a prostitute and move to Louisiana.
Peeing in the shower just once a day saves 2,500 liters of water, per year, per person. It's also considered to be more hygienic than using a toilet; which results in a significant amount of splashback on your clothes, hands and even face. . Gi mney A 8FACT @ .* as as ee i 8
Most cruise ships are equipped witha morgue to account for any passengers who die during the voyage.
Research shows that people rarely laugh at things that are objectively humorouslaughter is more about relationships than humor. rk:
NASA has a webpage that offers advice to those wanting to write convincing science-fiction. It's https://er.jsc.nasa.gov/ seh/SFTerms.html
In Disney's 2010 animated feature film Tangled, the island kingdom and the birthplace of Rapunzel is called Corona.
Men perceive women to be up to six years younger than they actually are when the woman smells like grapefruit.
Albert Einstein was the voice of Nemo's father in Finding Nemo as well as Hank Scorpio in The Simpsons. Actor Albert Brooks changed his surname from Einstein when he was a teenager.
Greek yogurt is actually Turkish.
During flights, Michael Jackson had his wine served to him in Diet Coke cans because he didn't want kids to see him drinking alcohol.
According to tog study cannot be inc A... decreased by changin g oe a a
Those who intellectually immerse themselves in music experience goosebumps from it more often and more intensely than others.
Cuddling has the same effect on your brain as taking painkillers. 4
In George R.R Martin's original scripts, he had intended Jon Snow to be in an incestuous relationship with Arya, not Daenerys.
In Louisiana, you can be fined $500 for instructing a pizza delivery man to deliver a pizza to your friend without them knowing.
Research shows humans are incredibly unproductive with their eye movements when searching for lost items.
People who have completed unpaid internships are hired at nearly the same rate as people who have never interned at all.
The average delay of a Japanese bullet train is only 54 seconds, including delays caused by uncontrollable factors such as natural disasters. If a train is more than five minutes late, passengers are given a certificate that they can show their boss to explain why they were late.
Under the little-known constituents' request program, Australian citizens are legally entitled to "nationhood material" such as flags and portraits of the Queen and Prince Philip. waa
The author of Jaws dedicated the last decade of his career to the preservation of sharks to make up for the misinformation his book spread.
The brains of people who get chills when the right song comes on are wired differently than others. They have more nerve fibers connect their auditory cortex (which processes sound) to their anterior insular cortex (which processes feelings). yr
In 2017, more people were killed from injuries caused by taking a selfie than by shark attacks.
The Walt Disney Company is the second- largest purchaser of explosive devices, right behind the U.S. Department of Defense.
In Kansas, it is illegal to serve wine in teacups.
The word for night in many languages is just a derivation of n+8": English: n + eight (night) French: n + huit (nuit) German: n + acht (nacht) Italian: n + otto (notte) Spanish: n + ocho (noche) Portuguese: n + oito (noite)
6 First generation immigrants are less likely to commit crimes than natives and second generation children.
Japanese students tend to bring along a KitKat to an exam as its pronunciation in Japanese (Kitto Katto) is similar to "Kitto Katsu (= > & FD)", which means certainly win."
Caffeine doesn't actually give you energy or get you wired, it just blocks the adenosine receptors in your brain, affecting their ability to let you know when you're tired. G
Crying can make you feel happier. Tears contain stress hormones, which leave your body through crying, and stimulates the production of endorphins as well as oxytocin.
In 1923, Illinois officially passed legislation replacing English with "American" as their official language.
The word "procrastinate' has a Latin root meaning "to put off until tomorrow." "Perendinate" means "to put off until the day after tomorrow."
There isn't enough water in honey for microorganisms to live on, which is why honey never goes bad.
A study had found that more than a third of vegetarians admit to eating meat when they're drunk. af
While any group of birds can be called a flock, a group of flamingos is specifically known asa flamboyance.
Typewriter is the longest word you can type using solely the letters on the first row of a QWERTY keyboard.
A 2010 national survey found that 43% of Canadian men preferred bacon over sex.
Benedict Cumberbatch, who plays Sherlock Holmes on the show Sherlock, is related to Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, the author who created the character.
Pikachu's name is a combination of the Japanese words pikapika' (which means sparkle), and chuchu (which means a squeaking sound).
In 2001, Argentina had 5 different presidents in 10 days.
Chewing gum while studying makes you get better at math, according to researchers at the Baylor College of Medicine. Students who chewed gum showed a 3% increase in standardised math test scores, and their final grades were better compared to those who didn't chew gum.
The national animal of Scotland is the unicorn.
During WW, Manfred von Richthofen (The Red Baron) was such a good military pilot that after he was shot down and killed in combat, his enemies buried him with full military honours as a sign of respect.
Unlike other countries, the placebo effect is so strong in the U.S. that new painkillers have trouble beating it in clinical trials.
Men who marry after 25 tend to live longer than men who marry younger, according to a Harvard study.
Spiders don't have muscles in their legs; they move them using a hydraulic system powered by their blood pressure. When they die, their legs curl up because the blood pressure is gone.
According to the latest Henley Passport Index, Japan is the world's most powerful passport in 2019 with access to 190 countries.
While narcissists are known to be irritating, attention-seeking and not always pleasant to be around, their charisma and charm often increase their chances of success.
Female dragonflies will fake their own deaths to avoid mating with unwanted males. _
Leonardo DiCaprio's mom named him Leonardo because she was looking ata Leonardo da Vinci painting in Italy when he first kicked.
Researchers at the University of York found that dogs favored high-pitched voices, it's an effective way to get your dog's attention.
Game designer Sid Meier has a 33/33/33 rule of sequel design, 33% of the game should keep the established systems, 33% feature improved systems, and 33% feature brand- new mechanics.
People who stay up later tend to be more psychopathic than those who go to bed early, according to a study published by a University of Western Sydney researcher.
Sunflowers are used to assist in clean up after a nuclear disaster. They are known as hyperaccumulators because they are capable of absorbing toxic heavy metals from the ground and have been planted at both Chernobyl and Fukushima to aid in soil restoration.
The disease for which volcanic ashes enter and infect the lungs is called pneumenoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis.
Chelsea FC football legend; Didier Drogba, once stopped a civil war in his home country of Ivory Coast simply by asking both sides to stop the conflict.
If you've had straight hair for all of your life, your hair can grow back in curls after you've completed Chemotherapy. L
Motorists in Arizona who drive around flood barriers and then become trapped can be charged for the cost of their rescue under the Stupid Motorist Law.
Iceland uses hydropower and geothermal heat to pull almost 100% of its electric power from renewable resources.
A California man cut ties with relatives and walked out on dates because of his extreme hatred of chewing sound. He later diagnosed himself with misophonia, a disorder in which certain sounds trigger emotional or physiological responses.
There's a city and a province called Batman in Turkey. They took their current names not because of DC comic superheroes, but because of the Batman River that runs through it.
Crows in Japan have been found to place nuts on the road so their tough shells can be broken open by passing vehicles. They even know to wait for the red light of traffic signals to retrieve the nuts.
The reason we feel compelled to sing in the shower is partly because the reverb of the shower boosts the voice, adds more bass, and sounds more powerful, thus boosting the singer's confidence to sing. q
Spending just 20 minutes outside in an urban park will make the average person happier regardless of whether they are engaging in exercise or not during the visit, according to a study from the University of Alabama-Birmingham.
In Japan, you can hire a handsome man to show up at your office and watch sad videos with you until you cry, then wipe your tears for you.
A cat in New Zealand tricked two different women into owning him. Neither knew they had the same cat until after he went to the vet for stitches. The cat got to keep both names as well as both owners through a shared custody agreement.
The memory capacity of the human brain was reported to have the equivalent of 2.5 petabytes (2.5 million gigabytes) of memory capacity, according to a 2010 article in Scientific American. 4 La
According to several studies, there is a direct link between the health of a city's human inhabitants and its wildlife. i
Having a pet in the office while working can help reduce stress and increase productivity, according toa study by Virginia Commonwealth University.
A sloth's claws work the opposite way that human hand does. The default position is a tight strong grip, and sloths must exert effort to open them up. This is why sloths don't fall out of trees when they're asleep.
Eating too much nutmeg can get you high. Nutmeg contains myristicin, a natural compound that has mind- altering effects if ingested in large doses. The buzz can last one to two days and can be hallucinogenic.
Water has been America's most popular drink since 2013. Previously, soda held the title for 20 years.
According to a study, strict parents can turn their kids into more effective liars because children who are afraid to tell the truth learn more deceptive behaviors to avoid getting in trouble.
Talking about politics on your first date rockets the chance of a second date to 91%, but less than 25% of singles want to talk sports.
When trying to cool down ona hot day, put ice or acold water bottle on areas close to veins, such as wrists or neck.
Babies sometimes smile, not because they're happy, but because they know it makes their parents happy.
Daniel Radcliffe broke more than 80 wands while filming the Harry Potter movies because he would use them as drumsticks. al
The average British worker swears approximately 55 times a week, according to recent research from 4com.
Millennials are the best educated, yet worst paid generation, according to the Census Bureau. hin"
Astronauts in space must remember to pee every couple of hours. The lack of gravity makes it hard for them to tell when their bladder is full since the organ's stretch receptors don't feel the weight of the liquid.
Dolphins deliberately get high on puffer fish nerve toxins by carefully chewing and passing them around. They even enter what seems to be a trance-like state.
Male house flies have a dedicated section of their eyes just for finding and pursuing female flies. It is called the love spot.
Americans spend $48 billion per year drunk shopping, mostly on Amazon, based on recent survey by The Hustle.
Technically, trees aren't vegetarian. They consume animals with the help of fungi, which break down dead organisms and share the nutrients. %
Since 2007, all of McDonalds delivery trucks in the UK have been running on used cooking oil from their restaurants.
A banana milkshake sweetened with honey is one of the best ways to cure a hangover. The banana helps calm the stomach and the honey builds up the depleted blood sugar levels, while the milk soothes and re-hydrates your system.
In 2017, 70 students drank so much alcohol at a house party in Maryland that the air inside the house tested positive on a breathalyzer.
There's a German word for the gift a man gives his wife after he's pissed her off, it's "Drachenfutter".
oP People talk to dogs of all ages using baby speak high pitch, slow tempo but only puppies really respond to it.
Ravens and wolves have formed a mutually beneficial relationship out in the wild. Ravens have been observed calling wolves to the site of dead animals so that the wolves will then open up the carcass and leave the scraps for the ravens once they're finished.
In 1973, NASA ground controllers were shocked to hear a female voice interacting with them from the space station because all the astronauts were male. Turns out one of the astronauts had recorded his wife and used her voice to prank them.
The oldest known surviving pair of socks (300-500 AD) were intended to be worn with sandals.
Tennis players are not allowed to swear when they are playing in Wimbledon. Because of this, line judges have to learn curse words in every language so they know when a player has violated the rules.
Farmers who called their cows by name had a 258 liter higher milk yield than those who did not.
Contrary to popular belief, school bullies have higher self-esteem, social status and lower levels of depression.
If you publish a book in Norway, the government will buy 1000 copies (1,550 if a children's book) and distribute them to top libraries throughout the country.
The exact time for Pi Day celebration is 1:59 pm so that the exact number 3.14159 can be reached.
Even horses get nervous when they are about to participate in a race. So some jockeys would bring goats to calm the horses down.
Viagra helps flowers and plants stand up straighter, according to Israeli and Australian scientists.
Bald eagles use their feathers to balance. When they lose a feather on one wing, they will also molt a matching feather on the other side.
Female anacondas strangle and eat the males after mating so they can survive the seven months of fasting during the pregnancy.
Vodka is more effective at reducing stress than red wine, according to UK researchers from Queen Charlotte's and Chelsea Hospital.
The area under your eyes appears darker because the skin is thinner there and doesn't have as much fat as other parts of your face. =e
The Polish army enrolled a bear, Wojtek, during WW2. He helped his human comrades carry crates of artillery rounds from the trucks to the battle line.
Nikon was accused of developing racist face- detection software. After photo-taking Asian faces, the message "Did someone blink? would pop up. APP
For several centuries in pre- modern Latin America, cacao beans were considered valuable enough to use as currency. One bean could be traded for a tamale, while 100 beans could purchase a good turkey hen, according toa 16th-century Aztec document.
Some people are actually afraid of being too happy because they think something tragic is going to happen soon. This fear is known as Cherophobia.
Einstein's brain went missing after his death and wasn't found for 23 years. Then, in 1978, it was discovered that an on-call pathologist snatched it and hid the brain from the world in his basement.
Google's company policy states that they prefer dogs to cats.
The original story Pinocchio squished the cricket to shut it up. It continued nagging him as a ghost. wg
Carrots don't really improve your eyesight, that myth came from WWII propaganda. Many advertisements during that time encouraged the consumption of carrots to help you see better in the dark, which in fact, they can't. ai
One of the main attractions in Pyongyang, North Korea, is a female chimpanzee named Azalea who generally goes through about 1 pack of cigarettes a day.
A study found that only half of your friends would consider you their friend. People have a very poor perception of friendship ties.
People can subconsciously become their favorite fictional characters. Psychologists have discovered that while reading a book or story, people are prone to subconsciously adopt their behavior, thoughts, beliefs and internal responses to that of fictional characters as if they were their own.
The game "Monopoly" was originally created to warn people of the dangers of capitalism.
The human brain remains half awake when sleeping ina new environment for the first time, according to scientists from Brown University.
The average dog can count to 5 and understand about 165 words. The smartest dogs can understand about 250 words, making them as smart as a 2.5- year-old human.
Dessert stomach is a real thing, your gut expands upon contact with sugar and therefore makes room for dessert even after having the feeling of being full, according to a sensory and food science professor at Deakin University.
Stress-eating could be a mytha new study shows that the more stressed people feel, the less likely they eat for reasons other than hunger.
People who exercise 150 minutes a week save an average of $500 a year in medical costs compared to those who don't exercise.
In 2017, a German prison was forced to feed inmates McDonald's after a food supply contract fell through.
A California man got 'NULL' as a personalized license plate hoping that 'NULL' would confuse the computer system and consign any of his tickets to the void. Instead, when cops left the plate number info empty on a ticket or citation, the fine went to him. He got over $12k fines sent to him his first year. A
LP In Germany, it is legal to be naked in private property, and within your car is considered private property so it is legal to drive naked.
In the movie 'The Godfather, the reason the word "mafia" is not mentioned a single time is because mafia boss Joe Colombo, along with Frank Sinatra, threatened the film's production and would only back the filming if they could change the script to their liking.
If you're a student, always befriend and talk with people who are a few years older than you. They will tell you things that they wished they knew a couple years ago. Learn from other peoples mistakes, they don't have to be yours.
Pigs are smarter than any other domestic animal and they are considered by animal experts to be more trainable than dogs or cats.
When a dog sees their owner, their brains emit a burst of the same chemicals we experience when we're in love.
When the "Elephant Whisperer" Lawrence Anthony died, a herd of elephants arrived at his house to mourn him.
9 out of 10 people who are stopped from committing suicide do not kill themselves at a later date, according to Harvard.
In 1990, the high school dropout rate in Sevierville, Dolly Parton's hometown, was over 30%. In 1991, she launched The Buddy Program, offering 7th and 8th graders $500 if they graduated. The dropout rate for those classes dropped to 6%, and has generally retained that average to this day.
Breaking Bad star Bryan Cranston was actually taught how to cook crystal meth in preparation for his role on the show.
Bananas are curved because they grow towards the Sun. a
The video game business is now larger than both the movie and music industries combined, making it a major industry in entertainment.
Cuddling can help heal physical wounds faster due to the release of oxytocin, according toa study published in the journal Nature Communications.
You're likely to be most miserable at age 47, according to a study published in the National Bureau of Economic Research.
Plants emit an ultrasonic scream when they undergo environmental stress (e.g. when their stems are cut), according to researchers from Tel Aviv University.
According to a U.S survey, nearly 67% of Millennials say they have spent money ona night out with friends when they couldn't afford it. =
You can now find a "Game of Thrones" therapy session. After the show's finale, counselors are making themselves available to help fans talk through their feelings about the series and detach. You can book 30-minute or 60-minute sessions for about $25-$51.
Watching Spongebob Squarepants as a kid may have damaged your brain power. According to a study, just 9 minutes of watching it had an immediate effect on kid's attention, problem-solving skills, and memory.
The Office is Netflix's most-watched acquired show during the coronavirus outbreak, according to a recent Nielsen streaming report.
Sunsets on Mars are blue instead of red or orange (like they appear on Earth).
Apple has announced that iOS 12 will be able to automatically share your iPhone location during 911 calls. Ss
An adult giraffe can shatter a lion's skull or break its spine with a single well-placed kick.
Purposeful people notice positive feedback on their social media, but don't rely on it to feel good about themselves. a
On Sesame Street, Cookie Monster's cookies are actually painted rice crackers. If real cookies were used, the grease from the chocolate and oil in them would damage the puppets.
Hawkmoths in Borneo vibrate their genitals to avoid bats. This action produces ultrasound that jams Malaysian bats built- in sonar, rendering the moths temporarily "invisible", according to behavioral ecologist at Boise State University.
While people are generally happier in relationships, this isn't true for people who dislike conflict. If you're someone who always tries to avoid conflict, the stresses of being in a relationship might outweigh the benefits.
There's an unaired pilot of Game of Thrones;, it was so terrible that they had to reshoot. The original pilot also had George R.R. Martin's cameo as a guest at Daenerys and Khal Drogo's wedding.
Highly intelligent people are more likely to be messy, stay up late, and curse more often, according to studies on Science Direct.
A group of undercover Detroit police posing as drug dealers once tried to arrest another group of undercover police posing as drug buyers. 4
Eating pasta 3 times a week won't make you gain weight, according to Canadian researchers at St. Michael's Hospital.
The food court at Costco makes so much money selling pizza to shoppers, it's ranked as the 14th largest pizza chain in the US - even beating out California Pizza Kitchen, among others.
In World War Il, Germany planned to collapse the British economy by dropping millions of counterfeit bills over London.
In 2017, cops arrested a 99-year-old woman so she could cross it off her bucket list.
Cuddling releases natural painkillers, oxytocin. It decreases headaches significantly. j \
People who are always running late tend to end up living a longer and healthier life, according to Harvard researchers. .
Eating spicy foods can boost your metabolism and cause your body to burn more fat.
Alcohol helps you speak a foreign language better. A low- to-moderate dose of alcohol reduces language anxiety and therefore increases proficiency, according to a study published in the Journal of Psychopharmacology. } ,
In Italy, bars are starting to use pasta as straws to reduce plastic use. And there's actually already a pasta straw company called Stroodles, who make straws out of wheat and water that are 100% biodegradable and vegan.
The Great Pyramid was once encased in limestone and would have appeared perfectly smooth and blindingly white.
a Abercrombie & Fitch was originally best. known for their Hemingway killed himself with his favorite shotgun, which was purchased from Abercrombie & Fitch.
A reason why paper cuts are often so painful is that they cut just deep enough to hit the many nerve endings in your fingertips, but aren't deep enough to bleed, clot and scab.
Dogs cannot feel guilty for doing something wrong  they can only feel sad because their owner is yelling at them.
Women are more likely to be attracted to men whose feelings are a mystery rather than men who have clearly shown interest.
According to a study, wishing someone luck makes them do better. dA
In 2018, a homeless man in Brazil was admitted to hospital, his 4 stray dog friends then patiently waited outside for him to come back.
The smell of vomit comes from butyric acid, as does the smell of parmesan cheese. When given a sample of butyric acid to smell, test subjects were disgusted or pleased depending on whether they were told it was puke or parm.
The shortest academic paper is called "The unsuccessful self- treatment of a case of writer's block." It contains no words.
While observing anger reduces our ability to solve complex problems, a recent study suggests observing sarcasm can boost both analytic and creative thinking.
According to The Guinness Book of World Records, the toughest tongue twister is "The sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick." y
After realizing his voice would be dubbed, David Prowse, who played Darth Vader, was so frustrated that he would improvise his lines, sometimes speaking complete gibberish, to force his co-stars to respond as if he had said the correct line.
When kids see their dads do things like cook and clean, they're less likely to fall into stereotypical gender roles themselves.
Men need four months of dating before they're happy to share food with their partner, according to a study by the relationship website From Mars.
If you have a song stuck in your head, one of the best ways to get it out of your head is to chew gum.
Mixing alcohol with diet soda will get you more drunk than mixing it with regular soda.
For the show "Rick and Morty," Justin Roiland (who does the voice of both Rick and Morty) really gets drunk to record lines when Rick is supposed to be drunk.
Double Stuf' Oreos only have 1.86x more creme than the original Oreos. 4
Employees in the IT, retail, and leisure and hospitality industries are least likely to call in sick.
Alan Turing once bought 150lbs of silver, but didn't trust the banks so he buried it in the woods instead. After the price of silver had almost doubled, he went to dig it up, but could no longer find it.
Due to mergers and acquisitions, Disney now owns 17/20 of the top-grossing films of all-time (US), including the entire top 5.
Tickling was used as a form of torture in ancient Rome. A victim's feet would be covered in saltwater, then a goat would start licking them until it became painful.
Even after dying and being cooked, squid will try to impregnate anything they can; including the mouth of the person eating them.
Simply looking at a picture of a loved one can help relieve pain. 3
Bubble gum is traditionally pink because its inventor wanted to mask the gray color of the original formula with the dye he had had most on hand at the time, which is red.
The more people think they know about a topic in general, the more likely they are to allege knowledge of completely made-up information.
According to a study from Pebble Grey, men spend an average of 7 hours a year hiding in the bathroom for peace and quiet. They also escape to the toilet when their other half is nagging them, or to avoid the kids.
Leonardo Da Vinci had such a love for animals, he would often buy animals he saw caged, just so he could set them free.
A woman will spend over $18,000 over the course of her life on products like pads and tampons. =
Dogs really do take on the personality traits of their owners, according to researchers from Michigan State University.
71% of the U.S. youth would not currently qualify for military service due to their health, physical appearance, or educational background, according to the Pentagon.
Facebook announced that its efforts to reduce false news and misinformation on the platform don't apply to politicians. The company said it exempts politicians from its third-party fact- checking process.
In France, it's illegal for restaurants to offer unlimited free refills of sugary drinks.
Most of the raw oysters you eat are still alive because once they die, they're no longer safe to consume.
All humans are susceptible to the illusion- of-truth effect; the more we hear something, the more likely we are to believe it's true.
Fast walkers may live up to 15 years longer than dawdlers, regardless of their weight, according to a study published in Mayo Clinic Proceedings. The findings suggest that physical fitness is a better indicator of life expectancy than body mass index.
The movie Independence Day was originally meant to have support from the U.S. military, but they backed out when the producers refused to remove the script's Area 51 references.
While filming 13 Reasons Why therapy dogs were brought on set to emotionally assist actors during tough scenes.
People who talk to their pets are actually quite intelligent, according to a behavioral science professor at the University of Chicago. And the behavior of talking to animals is called anthropomorphism."
Top 40 has specifically forty singles is because standard jukebox machines held 40 songs at that time.
The syllables in on your mark, get set, go" area countdown.
Avengers: Endgame co-editor Jeffrey Ford reveals that Infinity War' and 'Endgame' shot a whopping 900 hours of raw footage. The final cut of the two films were around 2 hours 30 minutes and 3 hours respectively.
There is a polar bear jail in Canada that houses incarcerated polar bears that are guilty of being nuisances. With the exception of family groups, bears are held for at least 30 days before being released. Repeat offenders may be relocated by helicopter.
The people who voiced Mickey Mouse and Minnie Mouse got married in real life. When Russi Taylor became the voice of Minnie in 1986, she fell in love with Wayne Allwine, who had been voicing Mickey for the past decade. Wedding bells followed.
Crocodiles seem to play with each other. They'll carry flowers in their mouths and give smaller companions piggyback rides for no apparent reason other than entertainment.
Due to COVID-19, the gaming platform Steam has recorded its largest number of concurrent online users (20 million), smashing its previous records.
For nearly 70 years after it was discovered, Uranus was simply referred to as George.
A cat's cerebral cortex is more complex than a dog's. They have roughly 300 million neurons (dogs have about 160 million) and are capable of more complex problem-solving. In 2010, the most sophisticated supercomputer performed 83 times slower than a cat's brain.
When you're upset or angry, silently talking to yourself in the third person can help you get control over your emotions. It helps to "get you out of your head" & make it easier to view a situation more clearly.
Saying I assumed" implies you put no fore thought. Saying It was my understanding / | was under the impression" shows that you're defending from your perspective and no assumptions were made.
When the Mona Lisa was stolen from the Louvre in 1911, the empty space it left on the wall attracted more visitors than the painting did.
Socks are the most needed but least donated items in homeless shelters.
Roughly a quarter of U.S. adults (27%) say they haven't read a book in whole or in part in the past year, whether in print, electronic or audio form, according to a survey by Pew Research Center.